Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Welcome 2 [text] Welcome 2 is the common name of the twenty-first concert tour by American musician Prince. Playing over 80 shows, the tour reached North America, Europe and Australia. Each leg of the tour is branded by the "Welcome 2" title followed by the continent the leg is located in. The tour marks the singer's first performances in North America in over six years. The show is composed of the singer performing his hits with his band The New Power Generation. Alongside Prince, various musicians will perform including Janelle Monáe, Esperanza Spalding and Cassandra Wilson. The title of the tour varied depending on the territory where it was performing. The tour placed 39th on Pollstar's "Top 50 Worldwide Tour", earning nearly $20 million. [title] Welcome 2 Detroit (song) [text] "Welcome 2 Detroit" is the lead single from American rapper Trick-Trick's debut studio album, "The People vs.". The song features vocals from fellow American rapper Eminem and Trick-Trick's hip hop group, Goon Sqwad. "Welcome 2 Detroit" peaked at #100 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. [title] Paul H. Brown [text] Paul Brown "PB" (March 6, 1934 – May 6, 2016), was an American jazz bassist. He was the founder of the Monday Night Jazz Series in Hartford, Connecticut, which was recognized by the Library of Congress as the oldest and longest-running free festival for jazz in the United States and featured jazz greats such as Herbie Hancock, Ron Carter, Thelonious Monk, Tito Puente, Woody Shaw, Sun Ra, Bobby Hutcherson, Freddie Hubbard, and the "MJQ" Modern Jazz Quartet just to name a few. Brown also founded The Greater Hartford Festival of Jazz in 1992 to commemorate 25 years of the Monday night jazz series which in 2016, the Hartford Jazz Society renamed "Paul Brown Monday Night Jazz". He was co-founder of Hartford's Artists Collective, Inc. [title] Ron Carter [text] Ronald Levin "Ron" Carter (born May 4, 1937) is an American jazz double bassist. His appearances on 2,221 recording sessions make him the most-recorded jazz bassist in history. Carter is also a cellist who has recorded numerous times on that instrument. [title] The Art of Conversation [text] The Art of Conversation is a studio album by English jazz bassist Dave Holland and American jazz pianist Kenny Barron. The record was released via the Impulse! Records label on October 14, 2014. The album contains 10 compositions: a mix of jazz standards and original tunes. The Jazz Journalists Association (JJA) recognized the record as the Record of the Year 2014. [title] Esperanza Spalding [text] Esperanza Emily Spalding (born October 18, 1984) is an American jazz bassist and singer. Spalding was raised in Portland, Oregon and was a musical prodigy, playing violin in the Chamber Music Society of Oregon at five years old. She was later both self-taught and -trained on a number of instruments, including guitar and bass. Her proficiency earned her scholarships to Portland State University and the Berklee College of Music. In 2017 she was appointed Professor of the Practice of Music at Harvard University. [title] Neal Starkey [text] Neal Starkey is an American jazz bassist residing in Atlanta, Georgia. He has had a long and varied career, performing with many of the most notable names in jazz, including Kenny Barron, Eddie Harris, Sonny Stitt, Duke Pearson, Al Cohn, Charlie Rouse, Barney Kessel and many others. He is a regular featured performer at the W. C. Handy Music Festival, and a member of the W. C. Handy Jazz All-Stars. Originally from New York, he has made Atlanta his home for the past 25 years. [title] Chris Bates (musician) [text] Chris Bates is an American jazz bassist. He started studying upright bass in the 4th grade, and he attended the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire. He studied with James Clute of the Minnesota Orchestra and jazz bassist Anthony Cox. Beyond his work with jazz, Bates performs in reggae, funk, country, folk and classical styles. He has performed with several notable musicians including Mose Allison, Lee Konitz, Joe Lovano, Steven Bernstein, Howard Levy, Ira Sullivan, Eric Alexander, Tim Sparks and Dean Magraw. Bates was a member of the Motion Poets, formed in 1993, which "released three albums to wide critical acclaim." He received a McKnight Composers Fellowship for his compositions in 1999 and has performed on over 30 albums. Bates' first album as leader was released in 2012. [title] Deron Johnson (musician) [text] Deron Johnson is an American jazz keyboardist. Beginning at the age of sixteen, Johnson became hooked on jazz music and attended California State University Long Beach where he continued his pursuit with private lessons from Billy Childs. In 1991, after touring with pop idol Paula Abdul, Johnson was discovered by the trumpeter Miles Davis. Johnson did three European tours and two American tours with Davis before he died, and recorded the keyboards on his last CD effort called "Doo-Bop". Johnson then toured extensively and recorded with jazz bassist Stanley Clarke and David Sanborn. In 1996, Johnson began to focus on original projects, along with more touring and more recordings with artists including Alanis Morissette, Boz Scaggs, and Seal. [title] Brian Bromberg [text] Brian Bromberg (born December 5, 1960) is an American jazz bassist and record producer who performs on both electric and acoustic instruments. Though he tends to gravitate towards the genre of smooth jazz, Bromberg has released some straight-ahead jazz records in which he performs with a trio, and has even ventured into more rock-oriented jazz fusion territory as of late. His innovative and technically demanding style of playing extends to both electric and upright bass. On his acoustic bass albums, Bromberg performs jazzy interpretations of various pop and rock staples from the 1960s and '70s completely solo. Regarding his work with electric bass, Bromberg, among other bassists, helped popularize the piccolo bass, or bass with each string tuned an octave up, by releasing several albums in which he plays both the bass line and melody. For instance, upon first listen many will be surprised to learn that, although soaring guitar can be heard throughout the album, Bromberg's 2005 release "Metal" contains only Bromberg on two overdubbed basses, one of which is heavily effects-laden to make it sound like an electric guitar.

Question
how much did the Welcome 2 showcasing an American jazz bassist and singer earn?
Answer(s):
$20 million
