Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] David Shaw (diver) [text] David "Dave" John Shaw (1954 – 8 January 2005) was an Australian scuba diver, technical diver, and airline pilot for Cathay Pacific, who flew the A330-300, A340-300, and A340-600. [title] Air Nicaragua [text] Nicaragua Airways is the potential future national flag carrier of Nicaragua. Its main base is Augusto C. Sandino International Airport, Managua. It is the first time in 20 years that Nicaragua will have a national flag carrier, after Aeronica ceased operations in 1991. Since then, the flag carrier status was awarded to Nicaragüense de Aviación also known as NICA Airlines. Several airlines had tried to become the Nicaraguan flag carrier like CAAL (Central American Airlines), SANSA (Servicios Aereos Nicaraguenses S.A.) but none of these survived a year. Today even NICA Airlines (6Y) is registered as the national airline of Nicaragua, the only international flight it operated once (Managua to Miami) and is done under the TACA code (TA) as a full TACA Airlines flight. [title] Pan American World Airways [text] Pan American World Airways, known from its founding until 1950 as Pan American Airways and commonly known as Pan Am, was the principal and largest international air carrier in the United States from 1927 until its collapse on December 4, 1991. Founded in 1927 as a scheduled air mail and passenger service operating between Key West, Florida, and Havana, Cuba, the airline became a major company credited with many innovations that shaped the international airline industry, including the widespread use of jet aircraft, jumbo jets, and computerized reservation systems. It was also a founding member of the International Air Transport Association (IATA), the global airline industry association. Identified by its blue globe logo ("The Blue Meatball"), the use of the word "Clipper" in aircraft names and call signs, and the white pilot uniform caps, the airline was a cultural icon of the 20th century. In an era dominated by flag carriers that were wholly or majority government-owned, it was also the unofficial overseas flag carrier of the United States. During most of the jet era, Pan Am's flagship terminal was the Worldport located at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City. [title] Nordica (airline) [text] Nordica is the state-owned Estonian flag carrier headquartered in Tallinn and based at Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport. It is the largest air carrier at Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport. The airline was formed after the 2015 bankruptcy of the previous flag carrier Estonian Air. Since most of the flights are marketed by LOT Polish Airlines, which owns 49% of the shares and a member of the Star Alliance, Nordica also carries LOT's flight codes and callsign on most of its flights. Through its subsidiary Regional Jet in a partnership with Scandinavian Airlines, Regional Jet operates four ATR72-600s between Copenhagen, Aarhus, Aalborg, Billund, Goteborg, Hanover and other SK destinations. [title] Shaw Stewart baronets [text] The Stewart, later Shaw Stewart Baronetcy, of Greenock and Blackhall in the County of Renfrew, is a title in the Baronetage of Nova Scotia. It was created on 27 March 1667 for Archibald Stewart. This family is descended in the direct male line from Sir John Stewart, illegitimate son of Robert III of Scotland, who granted him the estate of Ardgowan in Renfrewshire. The third Baronet married Helen, sister and co-heir of Sir John Houston of that Ilk, 4th Baronet, and his wife Margaret, daughter of Sir John Shaw, of Greenock, 2nd Baronet (see Shaw baronets, of Greenock). The fourth Baronet succeeded to the Greenock estates on the death of his great-uncle Sir John Shaw of Greenock, 3rd and last Baronet, in 1752 and assumed the additional surname of Shaw. He later sat as Member of Parliament for Renfrewshire from 1780 to 1783 and from 1786 to 1796. (see also Barony of Blackhall) [title] Frequent Flyer (film) [text] Frequent Flyer is a 1996 made-for-TV movie starring Jack Wagner, Shelley Hack, Nicole Eggert, and Joan Severance about a commercial airline pilot and his attempt to be married to three different women at the same time. The movie is based on the true story of commercial airline pilot (and later promoted to captain) John Charles Lutter (aka Jack Lutter, 1943 - ?) , who married six different women and fathered at least fifteen children. [title] Nusrat Hussain [text] Nusrat Hussain (Urdu:نصرت حسین), is a Pakistani musician, airline pilot, guitarist, and keyboardist. He played guitar for the Vital Signs and keyboard for Junoon in the mid 1990s. He soon left both bands opting for a career in PIA as an airline pilot in airline industry. [title] Esther Mbabazi [text] Esther Mbabazi is a professional commercial airline pilot in Rwanda, the fourth-largest economy in the East African Community. She is the first female in Rwanda to become certified as a commercial airline pilot. She flies for RwandAir, the national airline of Rwanda. [title] Chris Freeman (Australian musician) [text] Christopher James "Chris" Freeman (c. 1950–1992) was an Australian multi-instrumentalist and teacher who specialised in six-string and 12-string guitar for classical and flamenco music. At the age of 17 he severed the fingertip of his left hand middle finger in a car accident. It was replaced by a silver cap, which gave him the nickname "Silver Finger". He released three solo albums, "Thesilger" (1976), "Shifting Sands... Night & Day" (1978) and "Best of Chris Freeman" (1991). He also issued four albums with keyboardist John Shaw, "Chris Freeman and John Shaw" (1981), "Synthesized Orchestration" (1983), "Synthesized Orchestration Vol. 2" (1984) and "The Best of Chris Freeman and John Shaw" (1990). Freeman died in 1992 after an asthma attack, aged 41 or 42. Australian musicologist Ian McFarlane described him as a "[g]ifted multi-instrumentalist" who "garnered considerable praise for his work, but he never embraced the notion of mainstream acceptance". [title] Cathay Pacific [text] Cathay Pacific () () is the flag carrier of Hong Kong, with its head office and main hub located at Hong Kong International Airport. The airline's operations and subsidiaries have scheduled passenger and cargo services to 180 destinations in 44 countries worldwide including codeshares and joint ventures. Cathay Pacific operates a fleet of wide-body aircraft, consisting of Airbus A330, Airbus A350, and Boeing 777 equipment. Its wholly owned subsidiary, Cathay Dragon, operates to 44 destinations in the Asia-Pacific region from its Hong Kong base. In 2010, Cathay Pacific, together with Dragonair (rebranded Cathay Dragon), carried nearly 27 million passengers and over 1.8 million tons of cargo and mail.

Question
In which city is this flag carrier based, for which David "Dave" John Shaw was an airline pilot?
Answer(s):
Hong Kong
