Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] House of Mystery [text] The House of Mystery is the name of several horror, fantasy, and mystery anthology comic book magazine series published by DC Comics. It had a companion series, "House of Secrets". [title] I…Vampire [text] I.. . Vampire is a 24 issue series, created by writer J. M. DeMatteis, that appeared in American comic book "House of Mystery" between 1981 and 1983. It originally started as a backup story among "House of Mystery"'s three story format but soon became so popular that it eventually overtook the title on the cover. Even "I.. . Vampire"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s finale was almost book length. [title] House of Secrets (DC Comics) [text] The House of Secrets is the name of several mystery, fantasy, and horror anthology comic book series published by DC Comics. It is notable for being the title that introduced the character Swamp Thing. It had a companion series titled "House of Mystery". [title] Star Rovers [text] "Star Rovers" was a short, science fiction, American comic book feature published by DC Comics between 1961 and 1964. The feature first appeared in seven issues of DC's science-fiction anthology comic "Mystery in Space", followed by two issues of DC's companion science-fiction title "Strange Adventures". The characters were created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Sid Greene, who were responsible for all nine stories. [title] All-Flash [text] All-Flash, originally published as All-Flash Quarterly, was a comic book magazine series published by All-American Publications and later National Periodicals (DC Comics). The series was the first solo feature given to the comic book character The Flash, who also appeared in the anthologies "Flash Comics", "All-Star Comics", and "Comic Cavalcade". The book ran for 34 issues from 1941 to 1947. The series was originally published on a quarterly basis before changing over to a bi-monthly schedule with issue #6. Each issue regularly contained several stories featuring The Flash, as well as minor back-up features like "Hop Harrigan", "Butch McLobster, The Super Mobster", and "Fat and Slat" by cartoonist Ed Wheelan and, in later issues, "Ton-O-Fun" by Flash co-creator Harry Lampert. [title] Jackpot Comics [text] Jackpot Comics was the name of an American anthology comic book magazine series published by MLJ Magazines Inc., more commonly known as MLJ Comics, for nine issues between Spring 1941 and Spring 1943. It featured new stories of a number of characters previously seen in other MLJ publications. [title] Haunted Love [text] Haunted Love was a horror-romance anthology comic book series published by Charlton Comics from 1973 - 1975. It was part of the Gothic Romance comic book mini-trend of the era, which included the short-lived DC Comics series "The Dark Mansion Of Forbidden Love" and "The Sinister House of Secret Love", and Atlas/Seaboard Comics' one-shot magazine "Gothic Romances". ("Haunted Love" was also part of Charlton's wave of early 1970s horror-themed titles, including "Ghostly Haunts", "Haunted", "Midnight Tales", and "Scary Tales".) [title] The Tomb of Dracula [text] The Tomb of Dracula is a horror comic book series published by Marvel Comics from April 1972 to August 1979. The 70-issue series featured a group of vampire hunters who fought Count Dracula and other supernatural menaces. On rare occasions, Dracula would work with these vampire hunters against a common threat or battle other supernatural threats on his own, but more often than not, he was the antagonist rather than protagonist. In addition to his supernatural battles in this series, Marvel's Dracula often served as a supervillain to other characters in the Marvel Universe, battling the likes of Blade, Spider-Man, Werewolf by Night, the X-Men, and the licensed Robert E. Howard character Solomon Kane. [title] List of Spider-Man enemies [text] Spider-Man is a fictional superhero in the Marvel Universe debuting in the anthology comic book series issue "Amazing Fantasy" #15 (August 1962) in the Silver Age of Comics published by Marvel Comics. After his debut he would get his own comic book entitled "The Amazing Spider-Man". The comic book series would introduce many of what would become his major supervillain adversaries. Spider-Man would then be popular enough for more Spider-Man comic spinoffs ("The Spectacular Spider-Man", "Marvel Team-Up", "Web of Spider-Man", "" etc.) which introduced more recurring enemies of the web-slinger. [title] Hoot (comics) [text] Hoot was a British comic book magazine that ran from (issues dates) 26 October 1985 to 25 October 1986, when it merged with "The Dandy". Its cover price was 20p, represented by a stylized graphic depiction of a 20p coin. Throughout its run, it billed itself as "Britain's bubbling new comic!" , a reference to the title masthead being made up of steam-billowing pipes (hence the title). The comic was the last new humour anthology comic from DC Thomson which mostly featured original characters.

Question
Vampire is a 24 issue series, created by writer J. M. DeMatteis, that appeared in American comic book "House of Mystery" between 1981 and 1983, House of Mystery is the name of several horror, fantasy, and mystery anthology comic book magazine series published by ?
Answer(s):
DC Comics
