Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Salmita Mine [text] The Salmita Mine was a gold producer in the Northwest Territories, Canada during 1983 to 1987. The deposit was first discovered in 1945 and underground exploration was carried out in 1951-1952. It was reactivated for exploration by Giant Yellowknife Mines Limited in 1975 and entered production in 1983. They used the old camp and milling plant of the abandoned Tundra Mine, located a few kilometres to the south. The mine produced 179,906 troy ounces (5596 kg) of gold from the milling of 238,177 tons of ore. [title] Tundra Mine/Salamita Mine Aerodrome [text] Tundra Mine/Salamita Mine Aerodrome (TC LID: CTM7) is a registered aerodrome that served the Tundra and Salamita Mines in the Northwest Territories, Canada. [title] Kiruna Mine [text] The Kiruna mine is the largest and most modern underground iron ore mine in the world. The mine is located in Kiruna in Norrbotten County, Lapland. The mine which is owned by Luossavaara-Kiirunavaara AB, a large Swedish mining company, has an annual production capacity of over 26 million tonnes of iron ore. In 2008 the mine produced 27.5 million tonnes of iron ore. The Kiruna mine has an ore body which is 4 km long, 80 m to 120 m thick and reaching a depth of up to 2 km . Since mining began at the site in 1898, the mine has produced over 950 million tonnes of ore. [title] Pinacate Mining District [text] The Pinacate Mining District is a five to eight miles southwest of Perris, California. It included the Good Hope Mine, Steele's Mine, Santa Rosa (Rosalia) Mine, Virginia or Shay Mine, Santa Fe Mine and many other smaller works like the Little Maggie Mine. It produced a total of about 104,000 ounces of gold through 1959, all from the lodes of various mines. Although the district declined until the mid-1930s when attempts were made to rehabilitate the Good Hope and several other mines. These efforts were largely unsuccessful, the Good Hope mine closed when it was flooded with underground water. Only 3 ounces of gold were produced in the district between 1943-59. [title] Bingham Canyon Mine [text] The Bingham Canyon Mine, more commonly known as Kennecott Copper Mine among locals, is an open-pit mining operation extracting a large porphyry copper deposit southwest of Salt Lake City, Utah, in the Oquirrh Mountains. The mine is the largest man-made excavation in the world and is considered to have produced more copper than any other mine in history – more than 19 million tonnes. The mine is owned by Rio Tinto Group, a British-Australian multinational corporation. The copper operations at Bingham Canyon Mine are managed through Kennecott Utah Copper Corporation which operates the mine, a concentrator plant, a smelter, and a refinery. The mine has been in production since 1906, and has resulted in the creation of a pit over 0.6 mi deep, 2.5 mi wide, and covering 1,900 acre . It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1966 under the name Bingham Canyon Open Pit Copper Mine. The mine experienced a massive landslide in April 2013 and a smaller slide in September 2013. [title] Copperfields Mine [text] Copperfields Mine, originally known as Temagami Mine, is an abandoned copper and silver mine on Temagami Island in Lake Temagami, Ontario, Canada. The mine opened in 1955 and comprises both underground and surface workings within a sulfide ore body. Situated in Phyllis Township, the mine produced 34,000,000 dollars Canadian with 80 million pounds of copper, 230,028 ounces of silver and 13,271 ounces of gold. It was considered to be the largest deposit of nearly pure chalcopyrite ever discovered in Canada. A mill was not initially needed because the ore was 28% copper. The mine closed in 1972 and is now flooded by water. Ruins of the Copperfields mill are present as foundations. It is possible to find mineral specimens in the spoil heaps of the old mine, such as chalcopyrite, pyrite, bornite, malachite, dolomite, hessite, merenskyite, millerite, palladium, quartz and others. The Lake Temagami Access Road was created to ship ore from the mine site. [title] Ferris-Haggarty Mine Site [text] The Ferris-Haggerty Mine Site was one of the richest components of the Grand Encampment Mining District in Carbon County, Wyoming. The site was first exploited by Ed Haggerty, a prospector from Whitehaven, England, in 1897 when he established the Rudefeha Mine on a rich deposit of copper ore. Haggerty was backed by George Ferris and other investors, of whom all but Ferris dropped out. The partners sold an interest to Willis George Emerson, who raised investment funding for improvements to the mine. These facilities included a 16 mi aerial tramway from Grand Encampment over the Continental Divide to the in Encampment. The mine's assets were eventually acquired by the North American Copper Company for $1 million. By 1904 the mine had produced $1.4 million in copper ore, and was sold to the Penn-Wyoming Copper Company. However, even with copper prices peaking in 1907, the company had difficulty making a profit from the remote mine site. The company was over-capitalized and under-insured and was suffered devastating fires at the mine site in March 1906 and May 1907 which halted production. Business disputes and a fall in copper prices prevented re-opening of the mine even after it was rebuilt. Machinery was salvaged after a foreclosure in 1913. A total of $2 million in copper ore was extracted from the mine during its life. [title] Tundra Mine [text] The Tundra Mines was a gold producer in the Northwest Territories, Canada between 1964 and 1968, producing 104,476 troy ounces (3250 kg) of gold from 187,714 tons of ore. A detailed history is provided in the link below. Indian and Northern Affairs Canada has a project to remediate the Tundra Mine site under their Northern Contaminants Program, funded by the Canadian Federal Contaminated Sites Action Plan. [title] Gahcho Kue Diamond Mine Project [text] The Gahcho Kué Diamond Mine is located on the Canadian tundra in the Northwest Territories. It is situated at Kennady Lake ( ), in the Akaitcho Treaty 8 Territory AK claim block, which is 85 km southeast of the Snap Lake Diamond Mine and approximately 280 km east northeast of Yellowknife. The site is served by Gahcho Kue Aerodrome, which has both an ice runway in winter and a year-round gravel runway, and a spur of the Tibbitt to Contwoyto Winter Road from Lupin Mine. the main camp is at , north of the ice strip, with a smaller site at , south of the runway. [title] P3 Mk2 mine [text] The P2 Mk2 and P3 Mk2 are Pakistani plastic cased minimum metal anti-tank blast mines. The P2 Mk2 has a square case with a central circular ribbed pressure plate, the P3 is circular with a central circular pressure plate. Both mines use anti-personnel mines as the fuse, typically the either the P4 Mk1 or P2 Mk2 anti-personnel mines. The anti-personnel mine sits in a cavity below the pressure plate, when enough pressure is place on the pressure plate of the mine, it collapses onto the anti-personnel mine triggering it and the main charge which sits below it. A yellow canvas carrying strap is normally fitted to the side of the mine. The mines have a secondary fuse well on the bottom which can be used with anti-handling devices. A GLM-2 electronic booby trap can be fitted to the cavity under the pressure plate. The mine is supplied with a steel disc which makes the mine more easily detectable, although this is seldom used. Since 1997 only a detectable version of the mine has been produced, and to comply with the Convention on Conventional Weapons amended protocol II, Pakistani stocks of the mine are being retrofitted with steel detection discs. The mines are found in Afghanistan, Angola, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Pakistan, Somalia, and Tajikistan.

Question
Salmita Mine and Tundra Mine, produced what?
Answer(s):
gold
