Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Frank Mason III [text] Frank Leo Mason III (born April 3, 1994) is an American basketball player for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the University of Kansas, where he was the starting point guard for the Jayhawks. For the 2016–17 season, he was named National Player of the Year by all of the major national player awards, making him consensus national player of the year. The awards are the John R. Wooden Award, CBS Sports National Player of the Year, the USA Today, the Sporting News Player of the Year, Associated Press Player of the Year, Naismith College Player of the Year, Oscar Robertson Trophy, and NABC Player of the Year. He was also a consensus All-American selection for his senior season at Kansas. [title] Tyler Haws [text] Tyler Haws (born April 11, 1991) is an American basketball player who plays for Polish Basketball League team Anwil Włocławek. Haws was a standout high school basketball player, becoming the all-time leading scorer (1,772 points) at his school, being twice named Utah's Mr. Basketball, and winning Utah's Gatorade Player of the Year. At Brigham Young University (BYU), Haws was named the 2014 West Coast Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year. [title] Victor Oladipo [text] Kehinde Babatunde Victor Oladipo (born May 4, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers where he was named the "Sporting News" Men's College Basketball Player of the Year, the National Co-Defensive Player of the Year, and a first-team All-American by the USBWA and "Sporting News". That same year, he was also named the winner of the Adolph Rupp Trophy, given annually to the top player in men's NCAA Division I basketball. Oladipo was drafted with the second overall pick in the 2013 NBA draft by the Orlando Magic and went on to be named to the NBA All-Rookie first team. [title] Be Like Mike [text] "Be Like Mike" is the name of a Gatorade commercial featuring American professional basketball player Michael Jordan that originally aired in 1992. In 2015, as part of its 50th anniversary celebrations, Gatorade re-aired a digitally remastered version of the commercial during NBA All-Star Weekend. The updated version ends by displaying the hashtag #BeLikeMike. [title] Ian Hummer [text] Ian MacDonald Hummer (born August 23, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for TED Ankara Kolejliler of the Turkish Basketball Super League. He previously played professionally with the ratiopharm Ulm, the BG Göttingen and the Nilan Bisons Loimaa. He is from Vienna, Virginia and completed his senior season of college basketball for the 2012–13 Princeton Tigers men's basketball team. He was the 2009 "The Washington Post" Boys basketball Player of the Year for Gonzaga College High School as a senior in high school and the 2013 Ivy League Men's Basketball Player of the Year as a senior in college for Princeton. [title] Mike Edwards (basketball) [text] Mike Edwards (born early 1950s) is an American former basketball player best known for his high school and collegiate careers in the United States rather than his professional career in Mexico. He played for the University of Tennessee between 1970–71 and 1972–73 and was named the 1972 co-Southeastern Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year. He has been enshrined in the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame as part of its Class of 2003, and in February 2009 was chosen to the Tennessee All-Century Team, commemorating the greatest 20 players in program history. [title] Tyler Ulis [text] Tyler Ulis (born January 5, 1996) is an American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the Kentucky Wildcats. At Kentucky in 2015, he led his team in assists, he made the 2015 SEC All-Freshman Team and led the 2014–15 Kentucky team that won its first 38 games before losing to Wisconsin in the final four of the 2015 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament. As a sophomore, Ulis was a Consensus first team All-American and earned the Southeastern Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year and the Southeastern Conference Men's Basketball Defensive Player of the Year recognition. [title] Fred VanVleet [text] Fred VanVleet (born February 25, 1994) is an American professional basketball player for the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association (NBA). At Auburn High School in Rockford, Illinois, he was an All-State player who was mostly recruited by mid-major basketball programs. In college, he has contributed to a resurgence of Wichita State Shockers basketball that included a final four run in the 2013 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament by the 2012–13 Shocker team as a freshman and an undefeated regular season by the 2013–14 team as a sophomore. By his sophomore year, he was on midseason watchlists for most major awards. He was named as a 2014 NCAA Men's Basketball All-American by a variety of media outlets. As a junior for the 2014–15 Shockers, he was an All-Missouri Valley Conference first team selection and received All-American honorable mention recognition from the Associated Press. He is Wichita State's career leader in both assists and steals, and was named Missouri Valley Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year as both a sophomore and a senior. [title] Bartosz Brenes [text] Bartosz Brenes (] , ] , born 25 July 1989 in San José, Costa Rica) is a chart-topping House DJ, producer, remixer and record label owner. He began his career as a DJ at the age of 16 in Belgium, and quickly started touring throughout Europe. Shortly after, Bartosz started producing electronic dance music using Ableton Live and by 2009, the 20-year-old had already established . His 2010 single "Heaven" topped the Russian Music Charts for 73 consecutive weeks, peaking at #3 on the Russian Billboard chart. Since 2011, Bartosz has been commissioned to remix artists such as A-Trak, Amanda Wilson, Bob Sinclar, Boy George, David Vendetta, Dillon Francis, Eddie Amador, Gary Pine, Janelle Monáe, Jean Beauvoir, Joachim Garraud, Joe Smooth, Kurd Maverick, Olav Basoski, Perry Farrell, Ron Carroll, Sander Kleinenberg, Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Steve Edwards and Tommy Trash just to name a few. With over 100 productions (originals, remixes and ghost tracks) on labels like Armada, Defected, Dim Mak, Flamingo, Fool's Gold, Hed Kandi, Ministry of Sound, Nettwerk, Spinnin', Stealth or Subliminal, Bartosz quickly gathered the attention of high-profile DJ's including Tiësto, Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike, Knife Party, The Crystal Method, Paul Oakenfold, Alesso, Nicky Romero, Showtek, Cedric Gervais, Morgan Page, John Dahlbäck and Michael Woods. In 2012, Bartosz achieved popularity with his remix of "Breaking Up" by Chuckie, which became a mainstay on the Beatport top downloads charts for almost half a year. [title] Michael Jordan [text] Michael Jeffrey Jordan (born February 17, 1963), also known by his initials, MJ, is an American retired professional basketball player, businessman, and principal owner and chairman of the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and also is a part owner of the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball (MLB).

Question
The basketball player featured in "Be Like Mike" was born in what year?
Answer(s):
1963
