Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Royal Blood (band) [text] Royal Blood are an English rock duo formed in Brighton in 2013. The band's sound is reminiscent of and rooted in modern blues rock, hard rock, garage rock, stoner rock and psychedelic rock. Their first album "Royal Blood" was released in August 2014. [title] Figure It Out (Royal Blood song) [text] "Figure It Out" is a song written by Mike Kerr and Ben Thatcher of British rock duo Royal Blood. The song was originally recorded by the duo for the band's eponymous debut studio album, "Royal Blood", where it appears as the third track on the album. The track also appeared on the band's fourth single, released by Black Mammoth Records and Warner Bros. Records on 18 August 2014 as the lead single promoting "Royal Blood". "Figure It Out" also appears on the soundtrack for the video game "Pro Evolution Soccer 2016". [title] Alan Moulder [text] Alan Moulder is an English record producer, mixing engineer and audio engineer. He has worked with such artists as Nine Inch Nails, Foo Fighters, The Killers, Gary Numan, Foals, Arctic Monkeys, Editors, Interpol, Two Door Cinema Club, Twin Atlantic, Bear Hands, The Joy Formidable, Slaves, Royal Blood, The Naked And Famous, The Jesus and Mary Chain, Curve, Ride, White Lies, My Bloody Valentine, , The Vaccines, Placebo, A Perfect Circle, Lush, The Smashing Pumpkins, Them Crooked Vultures, Death Cab for Cutie, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Puscifer, Marilyn Manson, Saul Williams, Blonde Redhead, The Morning After Girls, How to Destroy Angels, . [title] The End Times Tour [text] The End Times Tour was a double bill North American concert tour, co-headlined by American rock bands Marilyn Manson and The Smashing Pumpkins. It was launched as a supporting 'tour within a tour' for Marilyn Manson's The Hell Not Hallelujah Tour. The End Times Tour supported both Manson's ninth studio album "The Pale Emperor" (2015) and the Smashing Pumpkins' tenth studio release, "Monuments to an Elegy" (2014). [title] Mike Byrne (musician) [text] Michael William Byrne (born February 6, 1990) is a drummer who was a member of the band The Smashing Pumpkins. When Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan called for rehearsals to replace Jimmy Chamberlin, Byrne auditioned and was chosen out of thousands of applicants. He played drums in Sky Saxon tribute band Spirits in the Sky for 6 shows in August 2009, along with Corgan, Kerry Brown, Kevin Dippold, Mark Tulin, Linda Strawberry, Ysanne Spevack, Mark Weitz, and Dave Navarro, and also performs drums on the ongoing Pumpkins 44-song project, "Teargarden by Kaleidyscope". As a part of "Teargarden", Mike contributed drumming duties on "Oceania", the Pumpkins' eighth full-length album. On April 17, 2010, Byrne played his first show under the Smashing Pumpkins moniker in celebration of Record Store Day. [title] 1979 (song) [text] "1979" is a song by American alternative rock band the Smashing Pumpkins. Released in 1996 as the second single from their third studio album, "Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness", "1979" was written by frontman Billy Corgan, and features loops and samples that were uncharacteristic of previous Smashing Pumpkins songs. The song was written as a coming of age story by Corgan. In the year 1979, Corgan was 12 and this is what he considered his transition into adolescence. The song was popular with critics and fans; Allmusic's Amy Hanson called it a "somewhat surprising hit". The song was nominated for the Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 39th Annual Grammy Awards, and won an MTV Video Music Award for Best Alternative Video. In 2012, it was voted the second-best Smashing Pumpkins song by Rolling Stone magazine readers. [title] Rotten Apples [text] Rotten Apples (The Smashing Pumpkins - Greatest Hits as titled on the album's cover) is a greatest hits compilation album by alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins. In the US, it was released in 2001 along with a bonus disc titled "Judas O". The album's concluding track, "Untitled", was the Pumpkins' final recording before their breakup. Completed in the days leading up to the band's farewell concert at the Metro in Chicago, it was also released as a single. Another notable track is "Real Love"; while previously released on "Machina II/The Friends & Enemies of Modern Music", this was taken from the factory master tapes and, as a result, lacks the pops and clicks inherent in all copies of "Machina II" (which is vinyl sourced). [title] Jimmy Chamberlin [text] James Joseph Chamberlin (born June 10, 1964) is an American drummer and record producer. He is best known as the drummer for the alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins. Following the 2000 breakup of the band, Chamberlin joined Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan in the supergroup Zwan and also formed his own group, the Jimmy Chamberlin Complex. In 2005, Chamberlin joined Corgan in reforming The Smashing Pumpkins; he eventually left the group in March 2009, though he returned again in 2015 for a summer tour. He performed in the group Skysaw until 2012. He is currently active under the Jimmy Chamberlin Complex name. In addition to his current work as CEO, Chamberlin has joined Chicago jazz saxophonist Frank Catalano for a string of 2013–15 performances in the Chicago area. An EP by Catalano and Chamberlin "Love Supreme Collective - EP" was released on the 29th of July 2014. [title] Range Life (song) [text] "Range Life" is a song by Pavement, the third single from their 1994 album "Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain". The song attracted attention with controversial lyrics that seemed to mock alternative rock superstars the Smashing Pumpkins and the Stone Temple Pilots; Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan expressed his displeasure in magazine interviews, while songwriter Stephen Malkmus maintained that his words had been misinterpreted and no insult was intended. Regardless, Pavement, which was due to tour for Lollapalooza in 1994, got kicked out when the Smashing Pumpkins, the headlining act, threatened to cancel their Lollapalooza dates if Pavement played. Pavement would eventually play Lollapalooza the next year. An early 1993 demo of the song did not feature this verse; guitarist Spiral Stairs recalled in 2004 that when Malkmus first revealed these new lyrics to his bandmates at the New York City recording sessions for "CRCR", "we almost lost our lunch from laughing so much." The single was not commercially released in the USA; it was issued by the band's UK label at the time, Big Cat. Both B-sides are outtakes from the "Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain" sessions and are included on the 2004 of that album. This song was one of many to be included in the group's greatest hits album "". [title] The Smashing Pumpkins [text] The Smashing Pumpkins are an American alternative rock band from Chicago, Illinois, formed in 1988. Formed by frontman Billy Corgan (lead vocals, guitar) and James Iha (guitar), the band included D'arcy Wretzky (bass guitar) and Jimmy Chamberlin (drums) in its original incarnation. It has undergone many line-up changes over the course of its existence, with the current lineup being Corgan and rhythm guitarist Jeff Schroeder.

Question
Are Royal Blood and The Smashing Pumpkins both English bands?
Answer(s):
no
