Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Upton Sinclair [text] Upton Sinclair Jr. (September 20, 1878 – November 25, 1968) was an American writer who wrote nearly one hundred books and other works in several genres. Sinclair's work was well known and popular in the first half of the twentieth century, and he won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1943. [title] Joe R. Lansdale [text] Joe Richard Lansdale (born October 28, 1951) is an American writer, author, martial arts expert, and martial arts instructor. [title] Veil's Visit: a Taste of Hap and Leonard [text] Veil's Visit: a Taste of Hap and Leonard is a collection of stories and excerpts by American author Joe R. Lansdale featuring his longtime protagonists Hap Collins and Leonard Pine. The eponymous first story was co-written by longtime Lansdale friend Andrew Vachss and ends with Lansdale "interviewing" his two heroes. This book was published by Subterranean Press as a limited edition hardcover and trade paperback and is long out of print. [title] Miracles Ain't What They Used To Be [text] Miracles Ain't What They Used To Be Plus... is a 2016 collection of memoirs and essays by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It includes Lansdale's essays on how he came to be an author, and on his inspirations, personal beliefs, ideas for the vast amount of published work he has done over his 40 years of writing novels, short stories, novellas, and comic books. This book shows a never before insight into his long career. This is the first book in which Lansdale discusses his ideas and personal beliefs that influence his storytelling which has spanned 40 years and has included over 40 novels and almost as many short story collections. It is a rare glimpse into the mind that has entertained so many readers over the years. His work has been adapted to several films and most recently into a series on The Sundance Channel with his first bringing of longtime protagonist Hap and Leonard to television. Season 2 is now filming. [title] Atomic Chili [text] "Atomic Chili: The Illustrated Joe R. Lansdale" by Lansdale et al., (Klaw, ed.) (Mojo Press, 1998) is a collection of previously written stories by Joe R. Lansdale, adapted into comic book form by assorted artists and writers. The book was designed by John Picacio, and featured a cover by Dave Dorman. [title] By Bizarre Hands [text] By Bizarre Hands is the first collection of short stories by American writer Joe R. Lansdale, published in 1989. The collection was nominated for a Bram Stoker Award for best fiction collection, and contains two stories which won Stokers. It has an introduction by Lewis Shiner. This book was re-issued as By Bizarre Hands Rides Again in 2010. The re-issue contains a new introduction by Joe R. Lansdale and new artwork by Alex McVey. This book is limited to 300 copies and is signed by both writer and artist. It also contains two stories not in the original issue. [title] Lost Lansdale Series [text] The Lost Lansdale Series is a series of four books by Joe R. Lansdale. None of the books in the Lost Lansdale series will ever be re-issued in any form including paperback. All have long since sold out. [title] High Cotton: Selected Stories of Joe R. Lansdale [text] High Cotton is a collection of short fiction by Joe R. Lansdale, initially published in 2000. In his introduction, Lansdale cites it as the "Best of Lansdale", and has called this work a companion piece to the 2004 collection "Bumper Crop". Initially issued as a hardcover, it has been reissued as a trade paperback. [title] Bleeding Shadows [text] Bleeding Shadows is a short story collection by American author Joe R. Lansdale. It was published by Subterranean Press on 28 November 2013. This volume contains 30 short stories that span Mr. Lansdale's extensive career. This book is the largest collection of Mr. Lansdale's short stories available to date. [title] Dead on the Bones: Pulp on Fire [text] Dead on the Bones: Pulp on Fireis a collection of novellas and short stories written by American author Joe R. Lansdale. He dedicated this work to his major influences of his youth: Edgar Rice Burroughs and Robert E. Howard. All the stories were written by Joe Lansdale. This book was also dedicated to longtime collaborator artist Timothy Truman and is limited to 1500 copies published by Subterranean Press of Burton, Michigan. It's also available as a Kindle E-Book.

Question
Who was born first, Upton Sinclair or Joe R. Lansdale?
Answer(s):
Upton Sinclair
