Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Mark Hudis [text] Mark Hudis (born February 19, 1968) is an American television writer and producer who has worked on a variety of shows including "Cybill", "That '70s Show", "Nurse Jackie" and "True Blood". In 2010, his work on "Nurse Jackie" earned him both Writers Guild of America and Emmy Award nominations. Hudis attended Haverford College, a liberal arts school located outside of Philadelphia, and graduated in 1990. [title] Alma Mater (New York sculpture) [text] Alma Mater is a bronze sculpture of the goddess Athena by Daniel Chester French which is located on the steps leading to the Low Memorial Library on the Morningside Heights campus of Columbia University in Manhattan, New York City. Using Audrey Munson as a model, French designed the statue in 1901 and installed it in September, 1903. It was donated in memory of alumnus Robert Goelet of the Class of 1860 by his wife, Harriette W. Goelet. "Alma Mater" has become a symbol of the university. [title] LSU Alma Mater [text] The "LSU Alma Mater" was written in 1929 by Lloyd Funchess and Harris Downey, two students who developed the original song and music because LSU's first alma mater was sung to the tune of "Far Above Cayuga's Waters" and was used by Cornell University. The band plays the "Alma Mater" during pregame and at the end of each home football game. Also, members of the band join arm-in-arm at the end of rehearsals on Saturday game days and sing the "Alma Mater" before leaving the practice facility. [title] Brown University Alma Mater [text] Brown University traditions hold that two songs, "Alma Mater" and "Ever True to Brown" are sung at public events and gatherings related to the university. The traditional alma mater song, "Old Brown," was created in 1860 and "Ever True to Brown," the second school fight song, was written by Donald Jackson (Class of 1909). The song is played by the Brown Band at major varsity athletic events and at formal events such as Convocation and Commencement. An unofficial version offers humorous alternative lyrics. [title] Alma Mater Iowa [text] Alma Mater Iowa is the alma mater hymn for the University of Iowa. The lyrics were written by Gene Mills - a graduate of the university's College of Engineering in 1947 and the melody of the song was composed in 1960 [title] Asadullah Boroujerdi [text] Boroujerdi great Shia mujtahids, born in Boroujerd after the degrees, in the same city to pay religious teaching and office, And died in 1892. There is not a lot of time and his alma mater, and just the fact that he (Mohammad Mujahid) and (Sayyid Abul Skinheads) course studied, There is not a lot of time and his alma mater, and just the fact that he (Sayyid Mohammad Mujahid) and (Sayyid Abolghasem nahavandi) studied, Khansari and Aqa Bozorg Tehrani also achieved his apprenticeship he (Mirza) Qomi pointed and all authors and accuracy of his knowledge of jurisprudence and the principles stipulated in the discussions have. [title] Our Alma Mater [text] "Our Alma Mater" is the alma mater of The College of William & Mary. It was written by James Southall Wilson, a William & Mary alumnus from the class of 1904. Usually, only the first and fourth verses are sung. [title] Alma Mater (Dartmouth College) [text] The "Alma Mater" is the official school song of Dartmouth College, an Ivy League university located in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States. Composed by Harry Wellman, class of 1907, it was officially adopted by the College in 1926. The difficult to sing "Dartmouth Undying" replaced it in the fall of 1972, but the Alma Mater was restored as the official song in early 1973. Richard Hovey of the class of 1885 wrote the original lyrics in 1894, titling the song "Men of Dartmouth". Traditionally the original second verse was only sung during time of war. On May 28, 1988, Dartmouth changed the title and words to reflect the presence of women as part of the College, since Dartmouth had become coeducational in 1972. Nicole Sakowitz, Dartmouth Glee Club President was the first person to conduct the new Alma Mater. [title] Georgetown University Alma Mater [text] The Georgetown University Alma Mater is one of the traditional songs of Georgetown University, and the university's official and undisputed alma mater. It was written to the tune of the Welsh battle song "Men of Harlech" in 1894 by Robert J. Collier, a Georgetown student. The song is performed by the university orchestra and occasionally other groups at various school events, including commencements and athletic games. [title] Haverford College [text] Haverford College ( ) is a private, coeducational liberal arts college located in Haverford, Pennsylvania, United States, a suburb of Philadelphia. All students of the College are undergraduates, and nearly all reside on campus.

Question
What major city is located close to Mark Hudis' alma mater?
Answer(s):
Philadelphia
