Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Metropolis Collectibles [text] Metropolis Collectibles is a famous rare comic book dealer of vintage American comics, primarily known for its large collection of comic books originally published in the 1930s, 1940s, 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. Metropolis was founded in 1984 by Stephen Fishler, and merged companies in 1999 with Vincent Zurzolo, Jr., of Vincent's Collectibles.; Zurzolo said that as he found he could not compete with Fishler's business, merging the two made sense. The company is located on Broadway in New York City, and the comic book showroom allows viewings by appointment only. Over the years, Metropolis Collectibles has grown from being a comic-book mail-order company to maintaining a major online retail presence. In addition to being comic book buyers and comic book sellers, Metropolis also gives comic book appraisals and provides comic book valuation services of rare, old out-of-print comics. Metropolis Collectibles has obtained a variety of notable classic comic book collections over the years, or "pedigrees", including the Crowley Collection, the Allentown Pedigree, the D-Copy Collection, and the Northford Collection. In August 2014, the company was able to purchase a near-mint copy of "Action Comics #1" (CGC 9.0) for $3.2 million in an auction on eBay. [title] Danica McKellar [text] Danica Mae McKellar (born January 3, 1975) is an American actress, mathematics writer, and education advocate. She played Kevin Arnold's on-off girlfriend Winnie Cooper in the television series "The Wonder Years", and later wrote five non-fiction books: "Math Doesn't Suck", "Kiss My Math", "Hot X: Algebra Exposed", "Girls Get Curves: Geometry Takes Shape", which encourage middle-school and high-school girls to have confidence and succeed in mathematics, and "Goodnight, numbers". From 2010-2012 and 2018–present, McKellar voiced Miss Martian in the animated superhero series Young Justice. In 2015 Mckellar was cast in the Netflix original series "Project Mc". [title] Bluntman and Chronic [text] Bluntman and Chronic are characters appearing in a fictional eponymous comic book series seen in the movies "Chasing Amy" and "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back". Actual "Bluntman and Chronic" comic books based on the fictional movie comic book series were published after the release of "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back". Both the movies and the comic books were created by writer and actor Kevin Smith. Famed comics creator Mike Allred designed the costumes for the characters. [title] Sítio do Picapau Amarelo (comics) [text] Sítio do Picapau Amarelo was a Brazilian comic book series based on the eponymous novel series Sítio do Picapau Amarelo by Monteiro Lobato. It was originally released in 1977 on the success of the TV show produced by Rede Globo, comic books were published by the publisher RGE who would later become Editora Globo. It continued to be sold until 1979 when the character Emília now has her own comic replacing the Sítio do Picapau Amarelo, but the comic only lasted a year being sold, and in 1981 the Sítio do Picapau Amarelo returned to be published. The comic being published remained until 1984, years before the TV series is no longer in production. [title] Snapper Carr [text] Lucas "Snapper" Carr is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character, whose fictional nickname is almost always used by other characters in favor of his given name, was created by Gardner Fox (writer) and Mike Sekowsky (penciller), and made his first appearance in "The Brave and the Bold" in February 1960. From 1960 to 1969, Snapper Carr appeared as a supporting character to the Justice League of America, a superhero team. The character occasionally appeared in comics featuring the Justice League from 1969 to 1989, when the "Invasion! " limited-series comic book gave him superpowers. He was associated with a new superhero team, The Blasters, in various comics until 1993, when he lost his powers and became a main character in the "Hourman" comic book. After the cancellation of "Hourman" in April 2001, he became a main character in the "Young Justice" comic book beginning in December 2001. "Young Justice" was cancelled in May 2003, and he became associated with the governmental organization Checkmate, a role revealed when the character played a small but important role in the 2007-2008 limited series comic book "52 Aftermath: The Four Horsemen". The character made major appearances in "Final Crisis: Resist" in December 2008 and "Justice League of America 80-Page Giant" in November 2009. [title] Dream (comics) [text] Dream is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics' imprint Vertigo. The character is the protagonist of the comic book series "The Sandman", written by Neil Gaiman. One of the seven Endless, inconceivably powerful beings older and greater than gods, Dream is both lord and personification of all dreams and stories, all that is not in reality (which, in turn, Dream may define by his existence). He has taken many names, including Morpheus and Oneiros, and his appearance can change depending on the person who is seeing him. Dream was named the sixth-greatest comic book character by "Empire Magazine". He was also named fifteenth in IGN's 100 Top Comic Book Heroes list. [title] Detective Chimp [text] Detective Chimp (alias Bobo T. Chimpanzee) is a fictional comic book character appearing in books published by DC Comics. A common chimpanzee who wears a deerstalker hat (à la Sherlock Holmes), Detective Chimp has human-level intelligence and solves crimes, often with the help of the Bureau of Amplified Animals, a group of intelligent animals that also includes Rex the Wonder Dog. He was originally created in the final years of the Golden Age of Comic Books, during the interregnum between the former and the Silver Age of Comic Books. [title] March of Comics [text] March of Comics was a long-running comic book series published by Western Publishing. 488 issues were published from 1946 to 1982. Comic book writer Mark Evanier has described it as "...one of the most widely-circulated comic books in the history of mankind ... some issues reportedly were issued in quantities of five million and up". The comic was not in a standard comic format. All issues were smaller (in page count and eventually in size) than normal and at one point printed in an oblong format. None were sold. The series was published as a "giveaway" premium and sold to vendors who would stamp their name on it (or arranged for their logo to be printed on the cover) and given away to children who shopped at their store. A prominent outlet for the series was through shoe departments at Sears stores. No publisher logo was on the cover. It was published under Western's "K.K. Publishing" subsidiary through the mid-1960s, then by just Western. Many of the characters published by Western for Dell Comics and their own Gold Key Comics, both licensed and original, appeared in the comic. [title] Osiedle Swoboda [text] Osiedle Swoboda is a Polish comic book written and illustrated by Michał Śledziński. It was supposed to imitate American comic books such as Spider-Man. The first issues appeared in the papers of "Produkt" magazine and since 2004 it has been published separately by Niezależna Prasa. It consists of 6 issues; the final bimonthly issue was published in 2006. A prototype of "Swoboda" is the estate Szwederowo in Bydgoszcz – the home estate of the author himself. The comic book reflects customs of youth living back in the 1990s, and therefore is considered one of the most important comic books published in Poland. The abundance of insightful social observations deftly intertwined with the plot contributed to the fame and popularity of the series among young readers: “If I was to mention the most important Polish comic series published at the turn of the 20th and 21st centuries, I would instantly answer that Osiedle Swoboda has no equals” was how the series was described in "Gazeta Wyborcza" by Wojciech Orliński. [title] Miss Martian [text] Miss Martian (real name M'gann M'orzz, alias Megan Morse) is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character's first appearance outside of comics was in the animated series Young Justice, where she is voiced by Danica McKellar. In 2016, the second season of the live action Supergirl series on The CW the character appears for the first time in live action played by Sharon Leal. The show's interpretation of the character has earned a number of positive reviews.

Question
The person who played Winnie Cooper in "The Wonder Years" is currently known for her role in a comic book series based on comic books published by which company?
Answer(s):
DC Comics
