Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Mount Willey [text] Mount Willey is a mountain located in Grafton County, New Hampshire. The mountain is named after Samuel Willey, Jr. (1766–1826) and his family, who in 1825 moved into a house in Crawford Notch. The family was killed a year later in August 1826 during a landslide. [title] Crawford Notch State Park [text] Crawford Notch State Park is located on U.S. Highway 302, in northern New Hampshire, between Bretton Woods and Bartlett. The 5775 acre park occupies the center of Crawford Notch, a major pass through the White Mountains. [title] Whitefield, New Hampshire [text] Whitefield is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States, in the White Mountains Region. The population was 2,306 at the 2010 census. Situated on the northern edge of the White Mountains, Whitefield is home to the Mount Washington Regional Airport and the White Mountains Regional High School. [title] Kinsman Notch [text] Kinsman Notch (elev. 1870 ft ) is a mountain pass located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States. It is the westernmost of the major notches through the White Mountains (the others being Franconia Notch, Crawford Notch, and Pinkham Notch). To the southeast, the valley of the notch is drained by the Lost River, leading to the Pemigewasset River, and ultimately the Merrimack, flowing into the Gulf of Maine. The northwest half of the notch is drained by Beaver Brook and the Wild Ammonoosuc River, part of the Connecticut River watershed leading to Long Island Sound. [title] Lost River Reservation [text] The Lost River Reservation (also known as the Lost River Gorge & Boulder Caves) is a protected area with a series of caves along a gorge in the White Mountains in Woodstock, New Hampshire, United States. Located 5 mi west of the village of North Woodstock on New Hampshire Route 112, Lost River Reservation is set in Kinsman Notch. One of the White Mountains' major passes, Kinsman Notch lies between Mount Moosilauke and Kinsman Ridge at just under 2000 ft above sea level. [title] Smarts Mountain [text] Smarts Mountain is a 3238 ft mountain in the town of Lyme in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. Smarts is flanked to the north by Mount Cube, at 2909 ft , and to the southwest by Holts Ledge, at 2110 ft . Although of only moderate elevation, Smarts is separated from the southwestern White Mountains by Oliverian Notch, a fairly low pass traversed by New Hampshire Route 25 southwest of Mount Moosilauke. That gives Smarts a relative height of 2190 ft , which makes it one of twelve mountains in New Hampshire with a prominence over 2000 ft . [title] White Mountains (Middle-earth) [text] The White Mountains, a loose translation of the Sindarin Ered Nimrais "Whitehorn Mountains", is a fictional mountain range in J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth. The mountains are named after the glaciers of their highest peaks. The range lies mostly East-West, but also has a northern section, which is separated from the main line of the "Hithaeglir" Misty Mountains by the Gap of Rohan. Even at the southern latitude of Gondor and Rohan, the White Mountains bear snow even in summer, suggesting they are extremely high. The range has no passes. The Paths of the Dead pass under it, but only the most courageous (or foolhardy) ever venture that route. The White Mountains form the northern boundary of Gondor and the southern boundary of Rohan except in their easternmost provinces, where Gondor's province of Anórien lies to the north of the mountains. [title] White Mountain National Forest [text] The White Mountain National Forest (WMNF) is a federally managed forest contained within the White Mountains in the northeastern United States. It was established in 1918 as a result of the Weeks Act of 1911; federal acquisition of land had already begun in 1914. It has a total area of 750852 acre (1,225 sq mi). Most of the WMNF is in New Hampshire; a small part (about 5.65% of the forest) is in the neighboring state of Maine. While often casually referred to as a park, this is a National Forest, used not only for hiking, camping, and skiing, but for logging and other limited commercial purposes. The WMNF is the only National Forest located in either New Hampshire or Maine. Most of the major peaks over 4,000 feet high for peak-bagging in New Hampshire are located in the National Forest. Over 100 mi of the Appalachian Trail traverses the White Mountain National Forest. In descending order of land area the forest lies in parts of Grafton, Coos, and Carroll counties in New Hampshire, and Oxford County in Maine. [title] Berlin, New Hampshire [text] Berlin is a city along the Androscoggin River in Coös County in northern New Hampshire, United States. The population was 10,051 at the 2010 census. It includes the village of Cascade. Located on the edge of the White Mountains, the city's boundaries extend into the White Mountain National Forest. Berlin is home to the Berlin and Coös County Historical Society's Moffett House Museum & Genealogy Center, Service Credit Union Heritage Park, the Berlin Fish Hatchery, and the White Mountains Community College, member of the Community College System of New Hampshire. [title] Crawford Notch [text] Crawford Notch is a major pass through the White Mountains of New Hampshire, located almost entirely within the town of Hart's Location. Roughly half of that town is contained in Crawford Notch State Park. The high point of the notch, at approximately 1900 ft above sea level, is at the southern end of the town of Carroll, near the Crawford Depot train station and Saco Lake, the source of the Saco River, which flows southward through the steep-sided notch. North of the high point of the notch, Crawford Brook flows more gently northwest to the Ammonoosuc River, a tributary of the Connecticut River.

Question
In which major pass through the White Mountains of New Hampshire did Samuel Wiley, Jr and his family move to in 1825?
Answer(s):
Crawford Notch
