Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Cleveland sports curse [text] The Cleveland sports curse was a sports superstition involving the city of Cleveland, Ohio, and its major league professional sports teams, centered on the failure to win a championship in any major league sport for a period of 52 years, from 1964 to 2016. Three major league teams based in Cleveland contributed to belief in the curse: the Browns of the National Football League (NFL); the Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA); and the Indians of Major League Baseball (MLB). Combined with the short-lived Barons franchise of the National Hockey League (NHL), Cleveland teams endured an unprecedented 147-season championship drought, having not won a title since the Browns defeated the Baltimore Colts in the 1964 NFL Championship Game two seasons prior to the first Super Bowl. [title] Curse of Rocky Colavito [text] The Curse of Rocky Colavito is a sports-related curse that supposedly prevents the Cleveland Indians Major League Baseball (MLB) franchise from winning, be it the World Series, the American League (AL) pennant, reaching postseason play, or even getting into a pennant race. Its origin is traced back to the unpopular trade of right fielder Rocky Colavito to the Detroit Tigers for Harvey Kuenn in 1960. It was not claimed that Colavito placed the curse, and he has denied doing so. It is one of several curses believed to have stricken the city of Cleveland's major sports franchises for decades. [title] European Sportscar Championship [text] The European Sportscar Championship was a name used by several sports car racing championships based in Europe. Initially created in 1970 by the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile (FISA) as the European 2-Litre Sports Car Championship for Makes, the series increased in popularity and eventually became part of the World Sports Car Championship in 1976 even after a troubled 1975 season. Only two years later, as interest in sports-prototypes faded, the championship was downgraded from World Championship status and a European championship returned once more, only to be cancelled after its sole 1978 season. [title] Heisman curse [text] The Heisman curse is a term coined to reference a two-part assertion of a negative future for the winning player of the Heisman Trophy. The "curse" supposes that any college football player who wins the Heisman plays on a team that will likely lose its subsequent bowl game. The trend of post-award failure has garnered the attention of the mainstream media. Talk of a curse in relation to bowl results was particularly prevalent from 2003 to 2008, when six Heisman Trophy winners compiled a cumulative 1–5 bowl game record, and five of those six led number one ranked teams into the Bowl Championship Series (BCS) National Championship Game as favorites (Heisman Trophy winners, including Reggie Bush, who gave back his Heisman Trophy, are 4–8 overall in the BCS National Championship Game and College Football Playoff National Championship, although prior to 2009 they were 1–6). Additionally, the Heisman curse asserts that in most cases a Heisman winner will have either a poor career in the National Football League (NFL), or in fact not even see such a football career at all. Although many Heisman winners have not enjoyed success at the professional level, including players like Matt Leinart, Andre Ware, Jason White, Rashaan Salaam, Eric Crouch, Ty Detmer, Troy Smith and Gino Torretta, proponents of the "curse" rarely cite highly successful players such as Barry Sanders, Charles Woodson, Eddie George, Tim Brown, Bo Jackson, Marcus Allen, Earl Campbell, and Tony Dorsett among the notables. [title] Rocky Colavito [text] Rocco Domenico "Rocky" Colavito, Jr. (born August 10, 1933) is a former right fielder in Major League Baseball best known for his years with the Cleveland Indians. Colavito was the fifth player in American League history to have eleven consecutive 20-home run seasons (1956–66), and he exceeded 40 home runs three times and 100 runs batted in six times during that span. He also led the AL in home runs, RBI and slugging average once each. Hitting all but three of his 374 career home runs in the AL, he ranked behind only Jimmie Foxx (524) and Harmon Killebrew (then at 397) among the league's right-handed hitters when he retired. [title] Frida Nordstrand [text] Karin "Frida" Teresia Nordstrand, (born 23 September 1980) is a Swedish journalist and sports commentator at Viasat Sport. Nordstrand grew up in Sandviken where she lived until she was ten years-old. Her family then moved to Spain and resided their for a few years and also spent some time living in the uk until returning to Sweden again. Nordstrand is an educated actress at Spegelteatern in Stockholm and worked there at the same time as she educated herself as a physio-trainer. This later led her into the television work as she started to give personal training advice for the Kanal Lokal in Stockholm. After a while she was recruited by Viasat Sport where she started to cover Champions League and the Formula 1 series. She covered several sports at the 2014 Winter Olympics for Viasat Sport and TV3. [title] 1965 Cleveland Indians season [text] The 1965 Cleveland Indians season was a season in American baseball. The team finished fifth in the American League with a record of 87–75, 15 games behind the Minnesota Twins. The Indians played .500 ball for the first 40 games, then eventually heated up going on a 10-game winning streak at one point improving their record to 37-24. They would peak at 46-28, but would cool off significantly after the all star break (going 41-47 the rest of the way) and would only spend six days in first place. Still, the Indians 87-75 record would be the best win-loss record they would post between 1959 and 1994. This season also marked the return of Rocky Colavito. This led to an increase in attendance (a season after the Indians almost left Cleveland, due to low attendance). The trade itself ended up being a disaster in the long run, even though it was successful short term (for one season). The Indians were the only team to win the regular season series vs the AL pennant winning Twins (who would lose to the Dodgers in 7 games in the 1965 World Series). [title] Sport in the Australian Capital Territory [text] Sport in the Australian Capital Territory refers to the sports played in the Australian Capital Territory. Many sports are played in the territory. There are a number of teams in national leagues for several sports although the Rugby League and rugby union teams receive far more local coverage than any of the other teams and are considered the main sports of the territory. The Australian Institute of Sport was set up in 1981, where many Olympic and other athletes are trained. [title] Arnold Hano [text] Arnold Philip Hano (born March 2, 1922) is an American editor, novelist, biographer and journalist, best known for his non-fiction work, "A Day in the Bleachers", a critically acclaimed eyewitness account of Game 1 of the 1954 World Series, centered around its pivotal play, Willie Mays' famous catch and throw. The author of several sports biographies, and frequent contributor to such publications as "The New York Times", "Sport", "Sports Illustrated", and "TV Guide", Hano was, in 1963, both a Hillman Prize winner and NSSA's Magazine Sportswriter of the Year. [title] Live scores [text] Live scores is a type of service offered by many sports-related websites and broadcasters as well as online sports betting operators. The idea of live scores is to provide real time information about sports results from various disciplines. Live scores are usually free and are very popular among sports betting enthusiasts, as they allow viewing collected data on many sports events. In the past, live score services were only available on TV through teletext or on the radio. There are now many websites providing live scores. It is possible to follow live results of many events at the same time. Some sites provide additional information, such as a player list, card details, substitution and an online chat where sports fans can gather and discuss the current event. Several sports organizations such Major league baseball and the National Football League have set up their own networks to deliver live scores via mobile phones.

Question
The Curse of Rocky Colavito is one of several sports superstitions centered on the failure to win a championship in any major league sport for how many years?
Answer(s):
52
