Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Nordea Bank Lietuva [text] Nordea Bank Lietuva is a Lithuanian branch of Nordea Bank Finland Plc and a part of the Nordea Group – the largest Nordic financial group. [title] Sampo Group [text] Sampo Group is a Nordic financial company made up of the parent company Sampo plc and If P&C Insurance Holding Ltd and Mandatum Life Insurance Company Ltd, both of which are its fully owned subsidiaries. The Helsinki-based parent company administers the subsidiaries. Sampo Group employs nearly 6,800 employees. Kari Stadigh is the Group CEO and President for Sampo. [title] Nordea [text] Nordea Bank AB, commonly referred to as Nordea, is a Nordic financial services group operating in Northern Europe. The bank is the result of the successive mergers and acquisitions of the Finnish, Danish, Norwegian and Swedish banks of Merita Bank, Unibank, Kreditkassen (Christiania Bank) and Nordbanken that took place between 1997 and 2000. The Baltic states are today also considered part of the home market. The largest share holder of Nordea is Sampo, a Finnish insurance company with around 20% of the shares. Nordea is listed on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange, Helsinki Stock Exchange and Stockholm Stock Exchange. [title] Nordea Bank Danmark A/S [text] Nordea Bank Danmark A/S is a bank in Denmark. It is part of Nordea - the largest Scandinavian financial group. Nordea is the result of a merger in 1997 between the Danish bank Unibank, which itself was an amalgamation of older Danish banks, most notable Sparekassen SDS, and banks from other Nordic countries. [title] Louis Berger Group [text] Louis Berger (formerly known as Berger Group Holdings) is a full-service engineering, architecture, planning, environmental, program and construction management and economic development firm based in Morristown, New Jersey. Founded in 1953 in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania by Dr. Louis Berger, the firm now employs nearly 6,000 employees in more than 50 countries worldwide. [title] Arig [text] Arig (Arab Re-Insurance Group) was founded in 1980, Established by the governments of Kuwait, Libya and the United Arab Emirates, is the largest Arab owned re-insurer. Arig is listed on the stock exchanges in Bahrain, Dubai and Kuwait and held by nearly 5000 individual share holders. Arig comprises a team of international professionals to which Bahrainis contribute the largest share at 56%. Arig is under the leadership of Yassir Albaharna who is a Bahraini national And joined the Company in May 1987 and held various underwriting and managerial positions. [title] Ohio Department of Job and Family Services [text] The Ohio Department of Job and Family Services (ODJFS) is the administrative department of the Ohio state government responsible for supervising the state's public assistance, workforce development, unemployment compensation, child and adult protective services, adoption, child care, and child support programs. Prior to July 2013, ODJFS was also the state agency responsible for the administration of Ohio's Medicaid program. In July 2013, a new state agency was created, the Ohio Department of Medicaid (ODM), Ohio’s first Executive-level Medicaid agency. ODJFS employs nearly 2,800 full time employees, has an annual budget of $20-plus billion. It is the largest agency in the state. [title] Simca do Brasil [text] Simca do Brasil was a subsidiary of the now defunct French automaker Simca and started out in the late 1950s assembling the Simca Vedette imported in kit form from France and selling it in three versions, the Chambord, Présidence and Rallye. Later the Company manufactured the radically restyled Esplanada with improved engines and, with increasing control by the Chrysler Group over the French concern, was taken over by the American car giant as majority share holder. During its ten years of market presence Simca defended its market share against fierce competition from Volkswagen, Ford, Chevrolet and Willys. The brand disappeared from the Brazilian Market in the late 1960s following a strategic decision by its owners Chrysler. [title] Guillermo Lasso [text] Guillermo Alberto Santiago Lasso Mendoza (born 16 November 1955) is an Ecuadorian businessman and politician. In the Ecuadorian general election, 2013 he was presidential candidate for the party Creating Opportunities. He landed in second place with 22.68% of valid votes but as incumbent President Rafael Correa received more than double that amount, namely 57.17%. Lasso is, through a trust named with his initials, GLM, the largest share holder in Banco de Guayaquil, where he has been executive president for more than 20 years. [title] SONITEL [text] SONITEL (an acronym of Société Nigérienne des Télécommunications or Nigerien Telecommunications Society) is the Nigerien national telephone and telecommunications carrier. It was created in 1997 as a fusion of the telecommunications arm of Nigerien Posts and Telecommunications (Office des Postes et Télécommunications – OPT, the Postal Office) and the STIN (Société des Télécommunications Internationales du Niger / International Telecommunications Society of Niger) which controlled land line telephone connections abroad. The process had begun with the passage of a law aimed at the privatisation of telecommunications ("Ordonnance N°96-031 du 11 juin 1996"), and was part of a larger process of internationally led privatisation of Niger's once large Parastatal sector. SONITEL had the government of Niger as a majority share holder. Following the 1999 Constitution of the Fifth Republic of Niger, SONITEL was to be privatised, and in 2001, after an unsuccessful round of offerings, the majority of the companies shares were sold. In December 2001, 51% of the company was purchased by the Sino-Libyan consortium DATAPORT, made up of the Libyan LAAICO company and the Chinese ZTE. The ZTE majority consortium reportedly paid 11.8 billion FCFA, beating out FranceTelecom and SONATEL The government of Niger continued to hold 34.11% of the company, with private investors taking 11%, the 1300 employees of SONITEL holding 3%, and France Câbles & Radio – who had been a stakeholder in STIN, 0.89%. In 2004, SONITEL's mobile phone arm SAHEL-TEL was opened up to face foreign competition, but SONITEL continued to hold a monopoly on Internet communication, . ne name registry, and international fixed line voice communication.

Question
Which group that employs nearly 6,800 employees is the largest share holder of Nordea?
Answer(s):
Sampo Group
