Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Harry Crosby [text] Harry Crosby (June 4, 1898 – December 10, 1929) was an American heir, bon vivant, poet, and publisher who for some epitomized the Lost Generation in American literature. He was the son of one of the richest banking families in New England, a Boston Brahmin, and the nephew of Jane Norton Grew, the wife of financier J. P. Morgan, Jr.. As such, he was heir to a portion of a substantial family fortune. He was a volunteer in the American Field Service during World War I, and later served in the U.S. Ambulance Corps. He narrowly escaped with his life. [title] Knut Hamsun Centre [text] The Knut Hamsun Centre (Norwegian: "Hamsunsenteret" ) is a museum and educational centre in Hamarøy in Northern Norway dedicated to the life and work of the writer Knut Hamsun. [title] Tore Hamsun [text] Tore Hamsun (6 March 1912 – 10 January 1995) was a Norwegian painter, writer, and publisher born in Hamarøy. He was the son of the Nobel Prize winning novelist Knut Hamsun and actress Marie Hamsun. [title] Norwegian new realism [text] The Norwegian new realism was a literary movement that dominated Norwegian literature in the first half of the 20th century. Prominent examples include Knut Hamsun's later work, Sigrid Undset, Johan Falkberget, and Olaf Bull. Both Knut Hamsun and Sigrid Undset were awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature. [title] Sverre Lyngstad [text] Sverre Lyngstad (1922 – 2011) was a scholar and translator of Norwegian literature. He is renowned for his significant contribution to making Norwegian literature accessible to an English-speaking audience, for which he was awarded the St. Olav's Medal in 1987 and the Royal Norwegian Order of Merit, Knight's Cross, First Class in 2004. He is best known for his translations of and commentaries on the works of Knut Hamsun, which are widely credited for helping to popularise Hamsun's work in the US and UK. [title] Hamsun (film) [text] Hamsun is a 1996 internationally co-produced drama film directed by Jan Troell, about the later life of the Norwegian author Knut Hamsun (Max von Sydow), who, together with his wife Marie Hamsun (Ghita Nørby), went from being a national hero to a traitor after supporting Nazi Germany during their occupation of Norway during World War II. [title] Knut Hamsun [text] Knut Hamsun (August 4, 1859 – February 19, 1952) was a major Norwegian writer, who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1920. Hamsun's work spans more than 70 years and shows variation with regard to the subject, perspective and environment. He published more than 20 novels, a collection of poetry, some short stories and plays, a travelogue, and some essays. [title] Knut Stiklestad [text] Knut Stiklestad (born 22 September 1948) is a Norwegian opera singer (bass). He has performed at the Norwegian National Opera and Ballet for many years, and at opera houses abroad, in Belgium, France, the Netherlands, and elsewhere. He has worked with Stein Winge, Bentein Baardson, and Wouter van Looy, among others. Stiklestad is also known for his work in church music. He has also cooperated with the composer Marcus Paus on work based on poems by Knut Hamsun. [title] Growth of the Soil [text] Growth of the soil (Norwegian Markens Grøde), is a novel by Knut Hamsun which won him the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1920. It follows the story of a man who settles and lives in rural Norway. First published in 1917, it has since been translated from Norwegian into languages such as English. The novel was written in the popular style of Norwegian new realism, a movement dominating the early 20th century. The novel exemplified Hamsun's aversion to modernity and inclination towards primitivism and the agrarian lifestyle. The novel employed literary techniques new to the time such as stream of consciousness. Hamsun tended to stress the relationship between his characters and the natural environment. Growth of the Soil portrays the protagonist (Isak) and his family as awed by modernity, yet at times, they come into conflict with it. The novel contains two sections entitled "Book One" and "Book Two". The first book focuses almost solely on the story of Isak and his family and the second book starts off by following the plight of Axel and ends mainly focusing on Isak's family. [title] Erasmus Zahl [text] Erasmus Benedicter (Benedigt) Kjerschow (Kjerskov) Zahl (19 January 1826 – 29 April 1900) was a privileged trader and an island owner at Kjerringøy in Nordland, Norway. Zahl is known as Nobel Literature Prize laureate Knut Hamsun's monetary supporter, and a representative of the old, traditional Nordland—Hamsun's ideal society—he is also internationally known through the character "Mack", who appears in several works of Hamsun, among them "Pan" (1894), "Dreamers" (1904), and "Benoni" and "Rosa" (1908).

Question
Are both  Knut Hamsun and Harry Crosby Norwegian?
Answer(s):
no
