Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Drinking culture [text] Drinking culture refers to the customs and practices associated with the consumption of alcoholic beverages. Although alcoholic beverages and social attitudes toward drinking vary around the world, nearly every civilization has independently discovered the processes of brewing beer, fermenting wine, and distilling spirits. [title] Lad culture [text] Lad culture (also laddish culture and laddism) is a British subculture initially associated with the Britpop movement. Arising in the early 1990s, the image of the "lad" – or "new lad" – was that of a generally middle class figure espousing attitudes typically attributed to the working classes. The subculture involves young men assuming an anti-intellectual position, shunning sensitivity in favour of drinking, violence, and sexism. [title] World energy consumption [text] World energy consumption is the total energy used by the entire human civilization. Typically measured per year, it involves all energy harnessed from every energy source applied towards humanity's endeavours across every single industrial and technological sector, across every country. It does not include energy from food, and the extent to which direct biomass burning has been accounted for is poorly documented. Being the power source metric of civilization, World Energy Consumption has deep implications for humanity's socio-economic-political sphere. [title] Messier 47 [text] Messier 47 (Messier Object 47, M47, or NGC 2422) is an open cluster in the constellation Puppis. It was discovered by Giovanni Batista Hodierna before 1654 and independently discovered by Charles Messier on February 19, 1771. It was later independently discovered again, under the current name NGC 2422. [title] Dogface (TV series) [text] Dogface is a British sketch comedy television series which debuted on E4 in September 2007. The show consists of sketches sometimes interspersed with animations featuring dogs sitting at tables talking as "lads" talk, with much reference to booze, birds and other lad culture stereotypes. The series is produced by Objective Productions. [title] 1148 Rarahu [text] 1148 Rarahu is a main belt asteroid orbiting the Sun. Approximately 33 kilometers in diameter, it makes a revolution around the Sun once every 5 years. It completes one rotation once every 6 hours. It was discovered by Alexander Nikolaevich Deutsch on July 5, 1929. On July 28, it was independently discovered by Cyril V. Jackson and H.E. Wood in Johannesburg, South Africa. Rarahu is the Tahitian name for a girl, taken from the novel "Le mariage de Loti " ("Loti's Marriage") by Louis Marie Julien Viaud, a.k.a. Pierre Loti.The asteroid's provisional name was 1929 NA. [title] Culture of Libya [text] Libya is a country in the Northern African region along the Mediterranean Sea. It is bordered by Egypt to the east, Sudan to the southeast, Chad and Niger to the south, and Algeria and Tunisia to the west. The Libyan culture is a blend of many other cultures, due to its exposure to many historical eras. Its culture involves roots in Berber, African, Turkish and Muslim cultures. Libya was also part of the Italian colonies for about three decades, which had a great influenced on the Libyan culture. Libya has managed to keep its traditional folk culture alive to today. [title] Culture of Belgium [text] Belgian culture involves both the aspects shared by all Belgians regardless of the language they speak, and the differences between the main cultural communities: the Dutch-speaking Flemish and the French-speakers Walloons. Most Belgians view their culture as an integral part of European culture. However, members of each of the two main linguistic groups generally make their cultural choices from within their own community, and then, when going beyond, the Flemish draw intensively from both the English-speaking culture (which dominates sciences, professional life and most news media) and the Netherlands, whereas French-speakers focus on [title] History of erotic depictions [text] The history of erotic depictions includes paintings, sculpture, photographs, dramatic arts, music and writings that show scenes of a sexual nature throughout time. They have been created by nearly every civilization, ancient and modern. Early cultures often associated the sexual act with supernatural forces and thus their religion is intertwined with such depictions. In Asian countries such as India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Japan and China, representations of sex and erotic art have specific spiritual meanings within native religions. The Greeks and Romans produced much art and decoration of an erotic nature, much of it integrated with their religious beliefs and cultural practices. [title] Kabachnik–Fields reaction [text] In organophosphorus chemistry, the Kabachnik–Fields reaction is a three-component organic reaction forming α-aminomethylphosphonates from an amine, a carbonyl compound, and a dialkyl phosphonate, (RO)P(O)H (that are also called dialkylphosphites). Aminophosphonates are synthetic targets of some importance as phosphorus analogues of α-amino acids (a bioisostere). This multicomponent reaction was independently discovered by Martin Izrailevich Kabachnik and Ellis K. Fields in 1952. The reaction is very similar to the two-component Pudovik reaction, which involves condensation of the phosphite and a preformed imine.

Question
The British subculture Lad culture involves this consumption of which kind of beverages, that nearly every civilization independently discovered recipes for?
Answer(s):
alcoholic beverages
