Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Perhaps Love (song) [text] "Perhaps Love" is a song that John Denver wrote and recorded as a duet with Plácido Domingo. The song appeared on Domingo's 1981 album of the same title. "Perhaps Love" is the only song on the album with Denver's vocals alongside Domingo's. However, Denver also appears on the album's cover version of his composition "Annie's Song", where he accompanies Domingo on guitar. Released as a single with "Annie's Song" on the B side, "Perhaps Love" peaked at #22 on the U.S. Adult Contemporary chart and #59 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1982. Remaining in print, the song sold almost four million copies by 2008. [title] Songs (2012 Plácido Domingo album) [text] Songs is a 2012 popular song album by Plácido Domingo for Sony Classical. Guests on the album include Katherine Jenkins singing "Come What May", Josh Groban in "Sous le ciel de Paris", Susan Boyle, and Harry Connick Jr. in "Time After Time" as well as a duet with his son Plácido Domingo Jr. The orchestra is conducted by Eugene Kohn. [title] Alicia Keys discography [text] American singer Alicia Keys has released six studio albums, two live albums, one remix album, seven box sets, 32 singles as lead artist, and two promotional singles. Throughout her career, Keys has sold over 18.4 million albums in the US, and over 30 million albums worldwide. [title] JoJo discography [text] American singer-songwriter JoJo has released three studio albums, two mixtapes, three extended play (EP), seven singles, and 13 promotional singles. JoJo has sold more than seven million albums worldwide, and has sold over 2.1 million albums and four million digital downloads in the United States alone. JoJo signed a seven-album record deal with Blackground Records in 2003 and released her eponymous debut album the following year at the age of 13. [title] Usher discography [text] American singer Usher has released eight studio albums, nine compilation albums, eight extended plays, and fifty-three singles (including eleven as a featured artist). His music has been released on the LaFace, Arista, Jive, and RCA record labels. 23 million of his albums were shipped in the United States, and sold over 43 million albums worldwide, leading to a combined 75 million records and making him one of the best selling music artists. He also has 9 Hot 100 number-one singles (all as a lead) and 18 Hot 100 top-ten singles. In 1994, Usher released his self-titled debut album in North America, producing three singles that had moderate chart success, and the album sold more than 500,000 copies. His follow-up 1997 album "My Way" sold 8 million copies, becoming his breakthrough album. It was certified six-times platinum in the US, and spawned three successful singles, including his first US "Billboard" Hot 100 number-one hit "Nice & Slow". Usher's success continued in 2001 with his third studio album "8701". It debuted at number four on the "Billboard" 200. The album produced two number-one singles—"U Remind Me" and "U Got It Bad". It has sold more than 4.7 million copies and has been certified four-times platinum in the US. Its worldwide sales stand at over 8 million. [title] Perhaps Love (album) [text] Perhaps Love is a 1981 crossover album by operatic tenor Plácido Domingo. First released in the United States in September 1981, within half a year it had achieved gold record status. It was certified as platinum by the end of the decade. The title song is a vocal duet between Domingo and its composer John Denver. It was released as a single, peaking at #22 on the U.S. "Billboard" Adult Contemporary chart and #59 on the Hot 100 chart. Never going out of print, the song sold almost four million copies by 2008. The album was released on CD in 1990 and again in 2008. [title] Mýa discography [text] American recording artist and actress Mýa began her career in the late 1990s. Her discography includes six studio albums, one mixtape, four extended plays, twenty-eight singles, including ten as a featured artist, seventeen soundtrack appearances and thirty music videos on her former record labels Interscope, Universal Motown, Manhattan Recordings and Young Empire Music Group. Harrison has charted twelve entries on "Billboard"' s Hot 100 which includes one number-one single, three top ten and eight top forty hits. As of October 2009 Harrison has sold seven million albums worldwide. According to "Billboard" magazine and Nielsen SoundScan, Harrison has sold over 3.2 million albums in the United States alone. In December 2009, "Billboard" listed her at the 97th position on their Hot 100 Artists of 2000s. [title] The Private Lives of the Three Tenors [text] The Private Lives of the Three Tenors is a gossip biography of tenors Plácido Domingo, Luciano Pavarotti, and José Carreras by Marcia Lewis, the mother of Monica Lewinsky. The book received high-level publicity during the 1998 Lewinsky scandal, as journalists compared Lewis' "hints" of an affair with popular opera singer, Plácido Domingo, to Lewinsky’s then-unproven allegations against U.S. President Bill Clinton. Domingo insisted that he only knew Lewis socially. [title] Harry Connick Jr. [text] Joseph Harry Fowler Connick Jr. (born September 11, 1967) is an American singer, big band leader, talk show host and actor. He has sold over 28million albums worldwide. Connick is ranked among the top60 best-selling male artists in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America, with 16million in certified sales. He has had seven top20 US albums, and ten number-one US jazz albums, earning more number-one albums than any other artist in US jazz chart history. [title] Christmas in Vienna VI [text] Christmas in Vienna VI (also known as Christmastime in Vienna) is the seventh album in a series of Christmas concerts recorded in Vienna with Spanish tenor Plácido Domingo. The concert that the recording comes from was the seventh Christmas in Vienna show that Domingo held since 1992, and the sixth concert recording to be released by Sony Classical. (The Erato label released the fourth Christmas in Vienna concert from 1995 that Domingo held with José Carreras and Natalie Cole.) Recorded in December 1998, it also includes the French singer Patricia Kaas and the Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández with the Vienna Symphony Orchestra directed by Steven Mercurio. The album was released in September 1999.

Question
Which 2012 popular song album by Plácido Domingo includes a guest singer who has sold over 28 million albums worldwide?
Answer(s):
Songs
