Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Kiwi Camara [text] Kiwi Alejandro Danao Camara (born June 16, 1984), also known as K.A.D. Camara, is a Filipino American attorney. In 2001, having graduated from Hawaii Pacific University at 16, he matriculated at Harvard Law School, from which he graduated in 2004. He was also involved in a racial controversy at the school that attracted national attention. He attracted international media attention in 2009 as the "pro bono" defense lawyer of Jammie Thomas-Rasset, the defendant in the United States' first file-sharing copyright infringement lawsuit brought by major record labels to be tried to a jury. [title] College Match [text] College Match is a nonprofit organization based in Los Angeles, California. It was established in 2003 to help high achieving low-income students from Los Angeles inner-city public high schools. :. . The goal of the organization is to provide these students with a wide range of free personalized college preparation services usually reserved for wealthier students. Since its inception, College Match has paved the way for many students to be accepted to and graduate from selective four year colleges. [title] Hawaii Pacific University [text] Hawaiʻ i Pacific University, commonly referred to as HPU, is a private, nonsectarian, coeducational, nonprofit university located in Honolulu and Kaneohe, in the U.S. state of Hawaiʻi. HPU is the largest private university in the central Pacific, most noted for its diverse student body of nearly 5,000 students, representing nearly 65 countries. The school's top academic programs are in Business Administration, Nursing, Biology, Diplomacy and Military Studies, and Social Work. [title] Pennsylvania Governor's School for the Sciences [text] The Pennsylvania Governor's School for the Sciences (PGSS) is one of the Pennsylvania Governor's Schools of Excellence, a group of five-week summer programs for gifted high school students in the state of Pennsylvania. Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh has hosted the program since its inception in 1982. Most recently, it has been directed by Physics Professor Dr. Barry Luokkala. Participants are required to be Pennsylvania high school students between their junior and senior years and are required to live in the dormitories for the full five weeks of the program. Admission is very competitive - approximately 500 of the most scientifically gifted students in the state compete for 56 to 60 slots in the program. The aim of PGSS is to promote interest in science rather than to advance students' knowledge in a specific area. The curriculum includes five "core" courses in Biology, Chemistry, Computer Science, Mathematics and Physics, and numerous electives. In addition to taking classes, students are required to participate in a lab course and a research-style team project. The emphasis is on cooperation, rather than competition - students are encouraged to both collaborate with other students on academic work and to interact socially. The Residence Life staff provides a number of structured social events to foster friendship and teamwork. There is at least one event per day and is advertised on the social calendar in the dorm lobby. For many students, the social development gained from the program rivals the scientific knowledge they acquire. The students leave the program with a strong bond; most attend an organized reunion the following year after the 4th week of the program. [title] Northwestern College (Fergus Falls, Minnesota) [text] Northwestern College was a secondary school that existed from 1900-1932 in Fergus Falls, Minnesota. The school was built based on a need for a local academy for Scandinavian immigrant children within the greater area. It offered Academic, Normal, Preparatory, Commerce, Music, and Art departments of study, and was funded by the Northwestern College Corporation of the Minnesota Conference (Red River Valley Conference after it was formed in 1912) of the Augustana Synod. Northwestern was one of four small "colleges" (although more like high schools) affiliated with the Augustana Synod in the late 1800s and early 1900s, along with Hope Academy, Minnesota College, and North Star College. These schools aided Scandinavian immigrants with assimilating into American culture. Over 500 students graduated from the school out of the 1500 that had attended, and many students went on to enroll at Gustavus Adolphus College after attending Northwestern. About one fifth of the Academy department graduates entered the Christian ministry. [title] Port Moody Secondary School [text] Port Moody Secondary School is a public coeducational high school located in Port Moody, British Columbia. The school is notable for offering the International Baccalaureate Program and the Career Preparation Program to its students, which many students travel from other districts to participate in. There are approximately 400 students in the pre-International Baccalaureate Diploma programme and the International Baccalaureate diploma programme tracks. Port Moody Secondary is widely known in the area for sending an impressive number of students to the world's most selectivities universities. In the past three years, students have matriculated to schools such as: Harvard University, Princeton University, University of Chicago, University of Pennsylvania, Cornell University, UC Berkeley and Dartmouth College. Port Moody serves grades nine through twelve and currently has an enrollment of 1,312 students. The school is respected for its academics, visual arts, musical arts and athletic programs. [title] KJSCE Symphony [text] Symphony, the annual cultural festival of K. J. Somaiya College of Engineering, has created its name and popularity among Engineering and Management institutes far and wide for the last decade. Every year many students from various institutes be a part of this festival. The main aim is to promote, encourage and exhibit the talents of the students on a common platform and create interest in the classical, vocal and instrumental music. Symphony hosts more than 9000 students every year. Symphony has been graced by artists of the magnitude of Pt. Hariprasad Chaurasia, Pt ShivKumar Sharma, Louis Banks, Hariharan, Indus Creed, Parikrama, KK, Bombay Vikings, Taufiq Qureshi, Dagar, Suraj Jagan, and Ustad Zakir Hussain. The event also has a social touch to propagate a message relevant to the times like AIDS awareness, etc. There have also been Auto Shows and an Army display at Symphony. The organization is done by students which is also a time for building strong camaraderie and teamwork. Many students look back fondly at the memories gathered during this phase of their lives. [title] National High School Debate League of China [text] The National High School Debate League of China, or simply NHSDLC, is an English-language high school debate league serving Mainland China. It uses the Public Forum debate format. Each year, the NHSDLC sees around 50,000 students participate in its debate workshops and around 12,000 students participate in its regional or national tournaments that it hosts in more than 33 cities in China. According to The Economist, many students believe participating will help their application to a Western university. It was founded in 2012, and it hosted one of China's first ever English-language high school national debate tournaments for local students at Peking University in May 2013. Each year, its national debate championship hosted in Beijing attracts 450 students from around China. NHSDLC is partnered with Harvard College Mentors for Urban Debate, Penn for Youth Debate, the Chicago Debate Society, the Yale Debate Association, Sunrise International Education, and the Stanford Youth Debate Initiative. [title] Harbour View High School [text] Harbour View High School is a high school located in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada. There are many students attending grades 9-12 there. The school has 63 staff members. The school's Principal is "Mr. Micheal Butler" and the two Vice Principals are "Mrs. MacGregor (11-12)" and "Mrs. Curwin (9-10)", HVHS was formed in 1997 with 900 students, when the former Saint John Vocational School (200 students) was transformed into HVHS to accommodate School District 8's new geographic zoning policy for its 5 high schools. In 2001, the school population was over 1300. Harbour View High, despite its location in Saint John's North End, was meant to serve the high school students for Saint John, New Brunswick's Westside, the Grand Bay–Westfield area, and Fundy Shores Dipper Harbour. The school, although no longer formally a vocational school, still carries many trade-related options. A full range of academic courses exists alongside many vocational-type courses from Metals Processing to Business to Child Studies. Harbour View also has a selection of Fine Arts courses which, alongside visual arts and music, offers Fine Arts 110, History of Rock and Roll, and Graphic Art & Design. [title] Donald B. Fullerton [text] Donald B. Fullerton (July 6, 1892 – April 9, 1985) was a Christian missionary and teacher who founded the Princeton Evangelical Fellowship and served with it from 1931 until 1980. He was noted for convincing many students at Princeton University of the truth of the Christian faith. Arthur Glasser also credited his conversion to Dr. Fullerton, through hearing him speak at the Keswick Bible Conference. In addition to his evangelistic efforts, Dr. Fullerton was a major spiritual influence on many students including Paul Pressler, a major figure in the Conservative resurgence of the Southern Baptist Convention, and the noted Reformed theologian John Frame. He was a member of the Princeton University Class of 1913 and received an honorary Doctorate of Ministry from Grace Theological Seminary.

Question
Kiwi Alejandro Danao Camara graduated from a nonprofit Universtiy with how many students?
Answer(s):
nearly 5,000
