Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Jonathan Troy [text] Jonathan Troy (1954) was Edward Abbey's first published novel, as detailed in James M. Cahalan's biography of Abbey. Only 5,000 copies were printed and almost immediately after it was released the author wanted to disown the work. He asked that it never be published again, and it has not been, making it very rare and the only one of his eight novels that many Edward Abbey fans have not read. [title] Edward Abbey [text] Edward Paul Abbey (January 29, 1927 – March 14, 1989) was an American author and essayist noted for his advocacy of environmental issues, criticism of public land policies, and anarchist political views. His best-known works include the novel "The Monkey Wrench Gang", which has been cited as an inspiration by environmental groups, and the non-fiction work "Desert Solitaire". [title] Laurence Bataille [text] Laurence Bataille (1930–1986) was a French psychoanalyst and writer. She was the only daughter of the writer Georges Bataille and the actress Sylvia Bataille. [title] Georges Bataille [text] Georges Albert Maurice Victor Bataille (] ; 10 September 1897 – 9 July 1962) was a French intellectual and literary figure working in literature, philosophy, anthropology, economics, sociology and history of art. His writing, which included essays, novels, and poetry, explored such subjects as eroticism, mysticism, surrealism, and transgression. His work would prove influential on subsequent schools of philosophy and social theory, including poststructuralism. [title] Poclain [text] Poclain is a family company founded by Georges Bataille in France in 1927, then developed by his sons Pierre and Claude Bataille, with help from Jacques and Bernard Bataille. [title] The Accursed Share [text] The Accursed Share: An Essay on General Economy (French: "La Part maudite" ) is a book about political economy by the French intellectual Georges Bataille. Written between 1946 and 1949 and collected in volume seven of Bataille's complete works, it comprises three volumes: "Consumption", "The History of Eroticism", and "Sovereignty." First published by Les Éditions de Minuit in 1949, the book was re-edited in 1967, and was published in English translation in 1988 by Zone Books, in a two-volume edition. "The Accursed Share" is considered one of the most important of Bataille's books. However, it received mixed reviews on the publication of its English translation. [title] Sylvia Bataille [text] Sylvia Bataille (1 November 1908 – 23 December 1993) was a French actress, born Sylvia Maklès in Paris (where she also died), of Romanian-Jewish descent. When she was twenty, she married the writer Georges Bataille with whom she had a daughter, the psychoanalyst Laurence Bataille (1930–1986). Georges Bataille and Sylvia separated in 1934 but did not divorce until 1946. Starting in 1938, she was a companion of the psychoanalyst Jacques Lacan with whom, in 1941, she had a daughter, Judith, today Judith Miller. Sylvia Bataille married Jacques Lacan in 1953. [title] Acéphale [text] Derived from the Greek ἀκέφαλος ("akephalos", literally "headless"), Acéphale is the name of a public review created by Georges Bataille (which numbered five issues, from 1936 to 1939) and a secret society formed by Bataille and others who had sworn to keep silent. [title] Georges Bataille's Story of the Eye [text] Georges Bataille's Story of the Eye is a 2004 experimental film adaptation of the 1928 novel "Story of the Eye" by the French writer Georges Bataille. The film, directed by Andrew Repasky McElhinney, takes place in a seemingly abandoned house where a group of people engage in wordless acts of passion. The film covers a period from evening to morning, and the sexual couplings among the members of the house becomes increasingly harrowing as daylight arrives. [title] Influence and reception of Friedrich Nietzsche [text] Friedrich Nietzsche's influence and reception varied widely and may be roughly divided into various chronological periods. Reactions were anything but uniform, and proponents of various ideologies attempted to appropriate his work quite early. By 1937, this led Georges Bataille to argue against any "instrumentalization" of Nietzsche's thought, paradoxically as a social-anarchist himself; Bataille, the passionate, determined socialist and anti-fascist, believed that any simple-minded interpretation or unified ideological characterization of Nietzsche's work, granting predominance to any particular aspect, failed to do justice to the body of his work as a whole.

Question
Were both Georges Bataille and Edward Abbey both writing about political views?
Answer(s):
no
