Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] The Story of Yonosuke [text] A Story of Yonosuke (横道世之介 , "Yokomichi Yonosuke" ) is a 2013 Japanese film directed by Shūichi Okita. The theme song is called "Ima wo Ikite" (今を生きて , Living in the Now ) and is performed by Asian Kung-Fu Generation. [title] Ima wo Ikite [text] "Ima wo Ikite" (今を生きて , Living in the Now ) is a song by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation. It was released as the single on February 20, 2013 and it was used as the theme song for the 2013 film, "A Story of Yonosuke". [title] Jill Colucci [text] Jill Colucci is an American songwriter and vocalist. She initially rose to prominence in 1988, singing the main scores to the film "Mystic Pizza". She sang the ABC promo campaigns "Something's Happening" (the 1988 version with Bill Champlin and the 1989 edition solo) and "America's Watching ABC" (1990 version only). She also performed "The Funny Things You Do", which was the theme song for "America's Funniest Home Videos" for the first seven seasons. Colucci's prolific credits even extended to Toyota, where she was the original vocalist of the auto maker's ""I Love What You Do For Me"" campaign in 1989 and she also performed the title theme song of the short-lived NBC-TV series "Brand New Life" (1989-90). The following year, as she continued to sing for ABC, she sang for The Disney Channel's "Celebrate Me Home" promotions. She also sang for promotional videos for the Apple II entitled "Apple ][ Forever" in 1984. [title] Jimmy Bryant (singer) [text] James Howard Bryant (born June 2, 1929) is a singer, arranger and composer. He is most well known for providing the singing voice of Tony (played onscreen by Richard Beymer) in the 1961 film musical "West Side Story". While he received no screen credit, he states that Beymer was "a nice guy, and every time he did an interview he would mention my name." He also sang for James Fox in the 1967 film musical "Thoroughly Modern Millie", and sang in "The Telephone Hour" number in "Bye Bye Birdie". He also sang in the group that performed the theme song of the TV series "Batman". [title] Gary Portnoy [text] Gary Portnoy (born June 8, 1956) is an American musician and singer-songwriter from the state of New York best known for co-writing and singing the theme song for "Cheers", "Where Everybody Knows Your Name". He also co-authored and sang the theme song to the NBC family sitcom "Punky Brewster" and composed the theme music for the long-running television series, "Mr. Belvedere". [title] Alfreda Gerald [text] Alfreda Gerald is an American vocalist born in Morganton, North Carolina. Upon graduating from college, Gerald sang professional opera with the London Philharmonic Orchestra, the New York Philharmonic Orchestra, and the North Carolina Symphony Orchestra. She has both a classical and R&B background and has toured and/or recorded with such artists as Warren Haynes, Wes King, Spectrum, The Gap Band, Deleon Richards, Michelle Malone, and Taliesin Orchestra. Alfreda is known for her powerful vocals & incredible stage performances. She's heard as the woman singing nonsensical lyrics to the theme song of the 1994 cult classic Cartoon Network/Adult Swim series, "Space Ghost Coast to Coast". Her vocals to the series theme song was her just reacting to the music being played in front of her, of the composer of the shows theme, Sonny Sharrock. She has been a featured vocalist with Yanni on several of his singles, most recently performing during the 2003-2004 "Ethnicity" and 2005 "Yanni Live!" world tours, and appears in the live concert films "Tribute", and "Yanni Live! The Concert Event". Alfreda is currently managed by Shakir Entertainment Management in New York City. Ms. Gerald recently appeared in the Tyler Perry feature film "Madea's Witness Protection" performing "Oh happy day". Alfreda is currently in studio working on a couple of dance recordings with music producers, that'll be released 2012-13. [title] Megumi Toda [text] Megumi Toda (戸田 めぐみ , Toda Megumi , born December 8, 1990) is a Japanese voice actress from Tokyo. She is affiliated with Kenyu Office. She was regular on the Animate Pia Channel which was broadcast on Nico Nico. Her major roles include Hajime Shinoda in "New Game! ", Kiitan in "Etotama" and Yuzu Iizuka in "Sakura Trick". As part of the "Etotama" cast, she sang on the theme song under the group Soruaru BOB on a single called "blue moment" that reached number 49 on the Oricon charts. She also sang the theme songs for "New Game!" under the group forfolium; the singles "Sakura" and "Now Loading!!" reached numbers 33 and 42 on Oricon. As part of the Idolmaster cast, she sang on one of the singles which reached number 22. [title] Come On Down (Crystal Waters song) [text] "Come On Down" is a 2001 single recorded by Crystal Waters, produced by Orlando Ortiz and co-written with Waters and Robert A. Israel. The track, her first release for Strictly Rhythm Records, samples the theme song to the American game show "The Price Is Right", whose music was written and produced by Israel for his in-house company Score Productions. The show's parent company Pearson Television (now part of FremantleMedia) gave its blessing to let Waters use the theme song, and as such received publishing rights and credits on the song. The single also marked the first time that lyrics were added to "The Price Is Right" theme song and the first song based on a television theme song (and the first to come from a game show) to reach number 1 on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play Chart the week of December 29, 2001. [title] List of Rage of Bahamut episodes [text] Rage of Bahamut (神撃のバハムート , Shingeki no Bahamut ) is a Japanese anime television series produced by MAPPA that is based on the "Rage of Bahamut" game. The anime aired between October 6, 2014 and December 29, 2014 for 12 episodes. On May 6, 2015, a second season was announced at the series' orchestra concert event. Titled Rage of Bahamut: Virgin Soul (神撃のバハムート VIRGIN SOUL , Shingeki no Bahamut: Virgin Soul ) , it premiered on April 7, 2017. The opening theme song "EXiSTENCE" is performed by SiM, while the ending theme song "Promised Land" is performed by Risa Shimizu. For season 2, the first opening theme song is "LET iT END" by SiM while the first ending theme song is "Haikei Goodbye Sayonara" (拝啓グッバイさようなら , lit. Greetings, Goodbye, Farewell) by DAOKO. The second opening theme is "Walk This Way" by THE BEAT GARDEN, while the second ending theme is "Cinderella Step" by DAOKO. [title] Asian Kung-Fu Generation [text] Asian Kung-Fu Generation (アジアン・カンフー・ジェネレーション , Ajian Kanfū Jenerēshon , stylized as ASIAN KUNG-FU GENERATION) is a Japanese alternative rock band formed in Yokohama, Japan, in 1996. For nearly its entire career, the band has consisted of vocalist Masafumi Gotō, guitarist Kensuke Kita, bassist Takahiro Yamada, and drummer Kiyoshi Ijichi. Starting out as a college band, Asian Kung-Fu Generation released a series of independent EPs featuring lyrics mostly sung in English. In 2002, they released their major-label EP debut "Hōkai Amplifier", from that point singing their lyrics in Japanese. The band's musical style is influenced by seminal Western alternative rock acts as well as their own local Japanese indie-rock and punk scene. Their songs incorporate various aspects of the genres, most typically expressing fast tempos and prominent power chord guitar riffs in addition to rhythmic groove and emotional lyrics. Despite the indie nature of their music, the band has enjoyed worldwide commercial success in addition to critical acclaim. Asian Kung-Fu Generation has been cited as one of the best, most balanced modern rock bands to emerge from Japan in the 2000s.

Question
What vocalist sang the theme song for The Story of Yonosuke?
Answer(s):
Masafumi Gotō
