Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Hozier (musician) [text] Andrew Hozier-Byrne (born 17 March 1990), known professionally by the mononym Hozier, is an Irish musician, singer and songwriter from County Wicklow. He released his debut EP, featuring the hit single "Take Me to Church", in 2013 and his second EP, "From Eden", in 2014. His debut studio album, "Hozier", was released in Ireland in September 2014 and globally in October 2014. [title] Apo Reef [text] Apo Reef is a coral reef system in the Philippines situated on the western waters of Occidental Mindoro province in the Mindoro Strait. Encompassing 34 km2 , it is the world's second-largest contiguous coral reef system and the largest in the country. The reef and its surrounding waters are protected areas in the country administered as the Apo Reef Natural Park (ARNP). It is one of the best known and most popular dive sites in the country. It is listed in the tentative list for UNESCO World Heritage Sites. [title] Belize Barrier Reef [text] The Belize Barrier Reef is a series of coral reefs straddling the coast of Belize, roughly 300 m offshore in the north and 40 km in the south within the country limits. The Belize Barrier Reef is a 300 km long section of the 900 km Mesoamerican Barrier Reef System, which is continuous from Cancún on the north-eastern tip of the Yucatán Peninsula through the Riviera Maya and up to Honduras, making it the second largest coral reef system in the world after the Great Barrier Reef in Australia. It is Belize's top tourist destination, popular for scuba diving and snorkeling and attracting almost half of its 260,000 visitors. It is also vital to the country's fishing industry. [title] List of islands of Belize [text] The country of Belize has roughly 386 km of coastline, and has many coral reefs, cayes, and islands in the Caribbean Sea. Most of these form the Belize Barrier Reef, the longest in the western hemisphere stemming approximately 322 km . The reef and its islands have been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1996. [title] Cuban Ledge [text] Cuban Ledge is a reef or islet composed chiefly of sand and small rocks in Eastchester Bay, The Bronx, in Long Island Sound. It is located between Rodman's Neck and Country Club in Eastchester Bay and is visible only during periods of low tide. [title] Coral Reef Drive [text] Coral Reef Drive, also known as South 152nd Street, is a 9.6 mi main east–west road south of downtown Miami in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It serves to connect the communities of Country Walk and Richmond Heights with Palmetto Bay. State Road 992 (SR 992) is designated along the 2.462 mi section of Coral Reef Drive between the Homestead Extension of Florida's Turnpike and US 1. [title] Baselines of the Philippines [text] The baselines of the Philippines (Filipino: "Mga batayang-guhit ng Pilipinas" ) are the set of geodesic lines completely encircling the main Philippine archipelago from where the maritime entitlements of the country are measured from. It was first established in 1961 by an act of the Congress of the Philippines which was further amended in April 2009 to optimize and conform it to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, which the Philippines is a signatory to. A total of 101 basepoints providing for 100 baselines were identified under "Republic Act 9522", which identified Amianan Island as the northernmost, Frances Reef as the southernmost, Pusan Point as its easternmost and the Balabac Great Reef as the westernmost points of the main Philippine archipelago. [title] SS Wairarapa [text] The SS "Wairarapa" was a New Zealand ship of the late 19th century plying the route between the Auckland, New Zealand and Australia. It came to tragic fame when it hit a reef at the northern edge of Great Barrier Island, about 100 km out from Auckland, and sank. The death toll of around 140 people remains one of the largest such losses in the country's history. The ship was named for the Wairarapa region. [title] Monitor National Marine Sanctuary [text] Monitor National Marine Sanctuary is the site of the wreck of the USS "Monitor", one of the most famous shipwrecks in U.S. history. It was designated as the country's first national marine sanctuary on January 30, 1975, and is one of only two of the thirteen national marine sanctuaries created to protect a cultural resource rather than a natural resource. The sanctuary comprises a column of water 1 nmi in diameter extending from the ocean’s surface to the seabed around the wreck of the Civil War ironclad, which lies 16 nmi south-southeast of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. Average water depth in the sanctuary is 230 ft . Since its sinking in 1862, the "Monitor" has become an artificial reef attracting numerous fish species, including amberjack, black seabass, oyster toadfish and great barracuda. [title] Reef (band) [text] Reef are an English band from Glastonbury, England. The band members include Gary Stringer on vocals, Jesse Wood on guitar (replacing original guitarist Kenwyn House in 2014), Jack Bessant on bass and Dominic Greensmith on drums.

Question
Are both Hozier and Reef from the same country?
Answer(s):
no
