Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Meritocracy [text] Meritocracy ("merit", from Latin "mereō", and "-cracy", from Ancient Greek κράτος "kratos " "strength, power") is a political philosophy stating that power should be vested in individuals almost exclusively based on ability and talent. Advancement in such a system is based on performance measured through examination and/or demonstrated achievement in the field where it is implemented. [title] Daniel A. Bell [text] Daniel A. Bell, is Dean of the School of Political Science and Public Administration at Shandong University and professor at Tsinghua University (Schwarzman College and Department of Philosophy). He was born in Montreal, educated at McGill and Oxford, has taught in Singapore, Hong Kong and Shanghai, and has held research fellowships at Princeton’s University Center for Human Values, Stanford’s Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences and Hebrew University’s Department of Political Science. He has put forward his views in favor of China’s political meritocracy and against one person one vote as a mode of selection for political leaders in two books and in comments published in the New York Times, the Financial Times, the Global Times (环球时报), and in regular columns published in the Huffington Post, in Project Syndicate, in the Guardian, as well as the Chinese language periodical Nanfengchuang (南风窗，English:South Reviews) and a Chinese language blog site on Caijing (‘财经’). [title] Italian Association for Political Philosophy [text] The Società Italiana di Filosofia Politica (English: Italian Association for Political Philosophy) is an association of academic and non-academic practitioners of political philosophy in Italy. The association's aim is to further the study of political philosophy in its various orientations and to promote dialogue among Italian and other intellectual communities of scholars interested in the current debate in political philosophy. [title] Simona Forti [text] Simona Forti is an Italian philosopher and academic, whose main interests are in political philosophy and contemporary ethics. She was born in Modena in 1958. She graduated in Philosophy from the University of Bologna in 1983. In the following years she attended the Phd courses in political theory at the Turin University as well as the Phd courses in political philosophy at The New School in New York. She received her PhD in History of Political Thought from Turin University in 1989. In 2004 she was appointed Full Professor of History of Political Philosophy at the University of Eastern Piedmont, where she usually teaches. She is one of the founding members of FINO”, a PhD Program in Philosophy coordinated by the Northwestern Italian University Consortium, and the standing president of Bios, an international and interdisciplinary research center on biopolitics and bioethics based at the University of Piemonte Orientale. [title] Pierre Rehov [text] Pierre Rehov is the pseudonym of a French–Israeli film maker and novelist, most known for his movies which are almost exclusively based on the Arab-Israeli conflict. [title] Adaptive bitrate streaming [text] Adaptive bitrate streaming is a technique used in streaming multimedia over computer networks. While in the past most video streaming technologies utilized streaming protocols such as RTP with RTSP, today's adaptive streaming technologies are almost exclusively based on HTTP and designed to work efficiently over large distributed HTTP networks such as the Internet. [title] Lennon (musical) [text] Lennon is a musical with music and lyrics by John Lennon and book by Don Scardino, who also directed its premiere. The musical is about the life of Lennon and is notable for Scardino's choice to be almost exclusively based on Lennon's own words and to focus on Lennon's solo career, with no songs from the Lennon–McCartney catalogue. [title] Scale-throated earthcreeper [text] The scale-throated earthcreeper or scaly-throated earthcreeper ("Upucerthia dumetaria") is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family. It is found in Argentina and the Altiplano; it winters in the Pampas and east of Córdoba. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland, and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland. They build their nests at the end of tunnels measuring between one and two meters. These tunnels are almost exclusively based on slopes; however, rock crevices are occasionally used. It formerly included the Patagonian forest earthcreeper ("U. saturatior") as a subspecies. [title] Chaldean Syrian Church [text] The Chaldean Syrian Church is an Indian Christian church which is currently an archbishopric of the Assyrian Church of the East. Its members are a part of the St. Thomas Christian community, who trace their origins to the evangelical activities of Thomas the Apostle in the 1st century. They are almost exclusively based in the state of Kerala, with the church's cathedral located in Thrissur. Despite carrying the "Chaldean" title in its name, the church is unrelated to the Chaldean Catholic Church of the Middle East, an Eastern Catholic church in communion with the Pope. [title] Orang Kuala [text] The Duano' (sometimes Desin Dolak or Desin Duano') are one of the indigenous peoples of Malaysia (where they are also referred to as Orang Kuala, meaning "people of the estuary") and can be found in islands along the northeastern region of Sumatra, Indonesia in which most Duano' people lived. They are considered to be Proto-Malay. Duano' people are also categorized as Orang Laut (sea people) or migratory fishermen; a group that includes the Urak Lawoi’ people and Moken people of the northern region. Among the Orang lauts they are counted only by the peculiarities of the way of life, and so they are a completely separate ethnic group with their own language, culture, self-consciousness and economic complexities, to of which they themselves deny that they belonged to the Orang laut. With their normadic boat lifestyle, their livelihood is almost exclusively based on fishing, and collecting shellfish and crustaceans by using mud-boards.

Question
Daniel A. Bell has put forward his views in favor of China’s political philosophy stating  power should be vested in individuals almost exclusively based on what?
Answer(s):
ability and talent
