Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Unidentified Flying Oddball [text] Unidentified Flying Oddball (also known as The Spaceman and King Arthur and A Spaceman in King Arthur's Court) is a 1979 film adaptation of Mark Twain's "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court", directed by Russ Mayberry and produced by Walt Disney Productions. Subsequently re-released in the United States under the titles "The Spaceman and King Arthur" and "A Spaceman in King Arthur’s Court", the film starred Dennis Dugan as NASA employee Tom Trimble who unintentionally travels back in time with his look-alike android Hermes. Trimble’s NASA spacecraft travels faster than the speed of light, landing him and the android near King Arthur’s Camelot, where – with the aid of their 20th-century technology – they must defeat a plot by the evil Sir Mordred and Merlin to oust King Arthur from the throne. [title] King Arthur (DC Comics) [text] King Arthur (Arthur Pendragon) is a fictional character, a comic book King published by DC Comics. Arthur debuted in "New Comics" #3, (February 1936), and was created by Rafael Astarita. The character is based on the mythical ruler King Arthur whose earliest recorded appearances were in the "Annales Cambriae", the "Historia Brittonum", and the "Y Gododdin". The character of King Arthur was made popular by Geoffrey of Monmouth's second major work, the "Historia Regum Britanniae" (History of the Kings of Britain), [title] Quest for King Arthur [text] Quest for King Arthur is a 2004 History Channel production introduced by Ioan Gruffudd and narrated by Patrick Stewart. The production delves into multiple historical figures who may have contributed to Arthurian legend as early as the third century and as late as the 9th. It cites as our primary source of the legend the writings of Sir Thomas Mallory. Other writings and sources, many used by Mallory, are cited for their specific contributions to the legend. [title] A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court [text] A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court is an 1889 novel by American humorist and writer Mark Twain. The book was originally titled A Yankee in King Arthur's Court. Some early editions are titled A Yankee at the Court of King Arthur. [title] Pellinore [text] King Pellinore is the king of Listenoise or of "the Isles" (possibly Anglesey, or perhaps the medieval kingdom of the same name), according to the Arthurian legend. Son of King Pellam and brother of Kings Pelles and Alain, he is most famous for his endless hunt of the Questing Beast, which he is tracking when King Arthur first meets him. Pellinore beats King Arthur after three jousts and breaks the sword Arthur had withdrawn from the stone (in some versions this is Excalibur, though he gets another sword of that name from the Lady of the Lake soon after). Merlin throws a spell of enchantment on Pellinore to save Arthur’s life. Arthur praises Pellinore’s skill, and they soon become friends, with Arthur inviting him to join the Knights of the Round Table. He has many legitimate and illegitimate children; his sons Tor, Aglovale, Lamorak, Dornar, and Percival all eventually join the Round Table as well, and his unnamed daughter (see Dindrane) becomes a servant of the Holy Grail and helps Percival, Galahad and Bors achieve the mystical objective. [title] The Sword and the Circle [text] The Sword and the Circle, King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table is a children's novel written by Rosemary Sutcliff and was first published in 1981. The story is a retelling of the story of King Arthur and his Knights of the Round Table. According to her own statements in the introduction, "The Sword and the Circle" follows the myths and folktales of King Arthur, crediting inspiration primarily from Sir Thomas Malory's "Le Morte d'Arthur"; other sources include Geoffrey of Monmouth's "Historia Regum Britanniae", English ballads, and Irish folktales. She contrasts this telling of the King Arthur story with her previous novels, "The Lantern Bearers" and "Sword at Sunset", which were more an attempt to connect with a concrete historical figure behind the folktales. [title] Arthur of the Britons [text] Arthur of the Britons is a British television show about the historical King Arthur. Produced by the HTV regional franchise, it consisted of two series, released between 1972 and 1973. ITV had already a reputation for entertaining historical TV shows that would display adventure and swordplay, such as "The Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel" (1956), "The Adventures of Robin Hood" (1955), "The Adventures of Sir Lancelot" (1956), "Ivanhoe" (1958) and "Sir Francis Drake" (1961). Like Richard Lionheart in the TV shows about Robin Hood and Ivanhoe this King Arthur shows greatness by making peace between the two foremost peoples in the England of his era. The looks of King Arthur and his brother-in-arms Kai resemble contemporary rockstars. "Arthur of the Britons" was broadcast repeatedly on numerous local ITV stations during the 1970s and 1980s. [title] Green Knight [text] The Green Knight is a character in the 14th-century Arthurian poem "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight" and the related work "The Greene Knight". His true name is revealed to be Bercilak de Hautdesert in "Sir Gawain", while "The Greene Knight" names him "Bredbeddle". The Green Knight later appears as one of Arthur's greatest champions in the fragmentary ballad "King Arthur and King Cornwall", again under the name "Bredbeddle". In "Sir Gawain and the Green Knight", Bercilak is transformed into the Green Knight by Morgan le Fay, a traditional adversary of King Arthur, in order to test his court. In "The Green Knight" he is transformed by a different woman for the same purpose. In both stories he sends his wife to seduce Gawain as a further test. "King Arthur and King Cornwall" portrays him as an exorcist and one of the most powerful knights in Arthur's court. [title] Sir Balin [text] Sir Balin le Savage , also known as the Knight with the Two Swords, is a character in the Arthurian legend. Merlin told King Arthur he would have been his best and bravest knight. A knight before the Round Table was formed, Sir Balin hails from Northumberland, and is associated with Sir Balan, his brother. Balin lives only for a few weeks following his departure from King Arthur's court. The king is virile and strong, near the beginning of his reign. Balin is a poor knight and has been in King Arthur's prison for six months. Just prior to his departure from court, a free man once more, his destiny is sealed by the arrival of a mysterious damsel bearing a sword that only the most virtuous knight in King Arthur's court will be able to draw. Balin draws this sword easily and Sir Thomas Malory's fifteenth-century account of his subsequent, brief adventures ends when Balin and his brother Balan destroy each other in single combat, fulfilling an earlier prophecy about the destiny of the bearer of the damsel's sword. [title] Patrick Stewart [text] Sir Patrick Stewart {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 13 July 1940) is an English actor whose career has included roles on stage, television, and film in a career spanning almost six decades. He is a multiple time Olivier, Golden Globe, Emmy, Screen Actors Guild and Saturn Award nominee.

Question
What is the nationality of the narrator of A Quest for King Arthur?
Answer(s):
English
