Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Shawn Baldwin [text] Shawn D. Baldwin (born February 26, 1966) is an international financier, trader and investor. He is the Chairman of AIA Group (AIA), an alternative investment firm based in Chicago. [title] Chicago [text] Chicago ( or ), officially the City of Chicago, is the third-most populous city in the United States. With over 2.7 million residents, it is also the most populous city in both the state of Illinois and the Midwestern United States. It is the county seat of Cook County. The Chicago metropolitan area, often referred to as Chicagoland, has nearly 10 million people and is the third-largest in the U.S. Chicago has often been called a global architecture capital. Chicago is considered one of the most important business centers in the world. [title] SkyBridge Capital [text] SkyBridge Capital is a global investment firm based in New York City, United States. It is run by chief investment officer Ray Nolte. Founder Anthony Scaramucci had co-managed the firm until January 17, 2017, when sale of the firm was announced. [title] Dow Investment Group [text] Dow Investment Group, LLC is an independent investment firm located in Falmouth, Maine. The firm's primary focus is assisting individuals in the management of their securities portfolios. Dow Investment Group's core competency is directly owned equity portfolios of high quality common stocks. [title] Psagot Investment House [text] The Psagot Investment House (Hebrew: פסגות בית השקעות‎ ‎ ) is an Israeli investment firm and the country's largest pension fund manager. Controlled by Apax Partners since 2010, the firm manages assets and capital totalling $40 billion. Psagot is located on Ahad Ha'am Street in Tel Aviv, in close proximity to the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. [title] Waddell, Arizona [text] Waddell is an unincorporated community in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States, northwest of the city of Phoenix. Waddell is named after Donald Ware Waddell, native of Ohio, who was a partner in the New York City investment firm of Brandon, Gordon and Waddell. It was this firm that organized the private financing for construction of the dam for the water reclamation project that creates Lake Pleasant. The intended Waddell town site was laid out by Donald W. Waddell in 1935, on property he owned on the northeast corner of Waddell Road and Cotton Lane (Section 12, T3N, R2W, G&SRB&M). Waddell moved to the area to oversee the firm’s interests in the project. He served on the board of the Maricopa Water District and invested in land through his interests in the Arizona Citrus Land Company and the Waddell Ranch Company. [title] Eton Park Capital Management [text] Eton Park Capital Management was an investment firm. The firm aimed to provide risk-adjusted returns for investors over multi-year periods. The firm invested in a range of markets and products, including public equity, fixed income and derivatives markets. Eric Mindich was the firm’s Chief Executive Officer. Eton Park had offices in New York City, London and Hong Kong. From 2012 to 2014, Eton Park’s annualized return averaged over 13% while the S&P500 averaged nearly 18%. [title] Tim Durham [text] Timothy Shawn "Tim" Durham Sr. (born 1962) is an American lawyer and financier convicted in 2012 of the largest white collar crime in Indiana history. His investment firm Obsidian Enterprises invested in a number of companies, including wireless device company BrightPoint and comedy brand National Lampoon, Incorporated, where Durham served as CEO. In 2012, Durham was sentenced to 50 years in prison in connection with a Ponzi scheme that defrauded 5,400 investors, many of them elderly, of approximately $216 million, according to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. [title] Solway Group [text] The Solway Investment Group Limited, Solway Group, or Solway Investment Group, The Solway Investment Group, GmbH, is a private international mining and metals group located in Switzerland. Main areas of expertise are industrial project development, relaunching production assets, and developing new projects. With 100% EU capital and operational offices in Luxembourg, Switzerland and Estonia. The Group comprises a number of core investments and operations focused primarily on the metals and mining sector - particularly nickel mining and production. Solway also manages its own direct investment fund with main interests in commercial real estate and information technologies. The Group conducts operations in Macedonia, Ukraine, Indonesia and Guatemala. Solway is an investment firm established in 1992 with assets in mining, iron, steel, IT, and property. The firm has assets in Central and Eastern Europe, Latin America, and the Asia Pacific region. [title] Édouard Carmignac [text] Édouard Carmignac (born 5 September 1947 in Paris) is a French investment banker and fund manager. He currently is the head of Carmignac Gestion, an investment firm that bears his name. Carmignac graduated in economics from the University of Paris and received an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. Prior to Carmignac Gestion, he had spells with Blyth, Eastman, Dillon & Co. in New York City and BNP Paribas in Paris. In 1984 he joined stockbrokers Hamant & Cie and subsequently played an instrumental role in the creation of the firm's fund management subsidiary, Pyramide Gestion.

Question
What county is the city where Shawn D. Baldwin's investment firm is located?
Answer(s):
Cook County
