Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Philosophy &amp; Rhetoric [text] Philosophy & Rhetoric is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the relationship between philosophy and rhetoric. The journal was established in 1968 by Henry Johnstone Jr., who served as its editor-in-chief until 1998. The editorship then passed to a group of scholars until 2003 when the current editor took over. The journal is published quarterly by the Penn State University Press. [title] Darwinism, Design and Public Education [text] Darwinism, Design and Public Education is a 2003 anthology, consisting largely of rewritten versions of essays from a 1998 issue of Michigan State University Press's journal, "Rhetoric and Public Affairs", edited by intelligent design activists John Angus Campbell (who serves on the journal's editorial board) and Stephen C. Meyer, neither of whom are scientists. The book is promoted as being a "peer-reviewed science book", however in reviewing it Barbara Forrest notes that: [title] John Glenn College of Public Affairs [text] The John Glenn College of Public Affairs is a public policy and management school at The Ohio State University. The Glenn College offers undergraduate, graduate and doctoral programs in public affairs. The Glenn College provides research, training and technical assistance to state, public and nonprofit organizations. The college is named after United States Senator and Astronaut John Glenn. On January 30, 2015, the Ohio State University Board of Trustees approved a change of status of the former John Glenn School of Public Affairs making the new John Glenn College of Public Affairs the 15th college at The Ohio State University. [title] Alison Bethel-McKenzie [text] Alison Bethel McKenzie (born Alison Bethel January 12, 1966) is an American-born journalist and editor. Alison Bethel-McKenzie was previously the executive director of the International Press Institute (IPI) and the first American, first woman and first African American to reach this position since its foundation in 1950. She has over 25 years experience in journalism, as a reporter, bureau chief, senior editor and trainer, and is often cited in discussions about press freedom. She has been a guest lecturer or visiting professor at African University College of Communications (Lagos, Nigeria), College of the City of Vienna, Colleges throughout India, including in New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad, Howard University (Washington, D.C.), International Academy of Journalism (Hamburg, Germany), Investigative Reporters and Editors (IRE), Nigeria Institute of Journalism, Pennsylvania State University, State University of New York (SUNY) at New Paltz, U.S. Embassies in Ghana, Zambia and Austria, University of Maryland, University of The Bahamas and Indian Institute of Journalism New Media (IIJNM). She has twice sponsored the Sadiq Press Freedom Award, conferred each World Press Freedom Day, on May 3, 2015 and May 3, 2017 by the Rural Media Network Pakistan. She was a reporter at the now defunct "The State-Times" in Baton Rouge, La from 1988-1990. She was a Reporter at the "Times Herald-Record" in Newburgh, N.Y. from 1990-1992 and Assistant Business Editor for "The Poughkeepsie Journal" from 1992-1993. From 1993–1995 she was the Day City Editor for "The Detroit News". From 1995-2000 she was senior assistant city editor at "The Boston Globe", supervising a reporting staff that covered City Hall, urban affairs, and transportation. In 2000, she joined "The Detroit News" as features editor, and then became the paper’s Washington, D.C.. bureau chief from 2001 to 2006, overseeing coverage of the White House and members of Michigan’s congressional delegation. She joined the "Legal Times" in Washington, D.C. in 2006 as executive editor, moving on in 2007 to "the Nassau Guardian", in the Bahamas, as managing editor. [title] Journal of Business &amp; Securities Law [text] The Journal of Business & Securities Law is a student-edited law journal covering the areas of business and securities law and is an official journal of the Michigan State University College of Law. The Journal publishes articles on topics including corporate litigation, commercial transactions, employment, e-commerce, securities regulation, and any other topic focusing on the intersection of law and business. The Journal is the sole outlet for the transcription and publication of the annual Midwest Securities Law Institute held at the Michigan State University College of Law. It is also the national host of the annual Elliot A. Spoon Business Law Writing Competition. The Journal has a staff of approximately 25 law students and is headed by a board consisting of an editor-in-chief, executive editor, two managing editors of publication, and a managing editor of articles. The Journal has been cited in various state and federal court decisions around the United States. [title] Herbert S. Scott [text] Herbert S. Scott (February 8, 1931 – February 12, 2006) was an American poet and founding editor of the literary New Issues Press, which he started in 1996. Scott's poems appeared widely in literary journals and anthologies. He is the author of the poetry collection "Disguises" (University of Pittsburgh Press, 1974), "Groceries" (University of Pittsburgh Press, 1976), "Durations" (Louisiana State University Press, 1984), and "Sleeping Woman" (Carnegie Mellon University Press, 2005). A collection of selected poems, "The Other Life", will be published by Carnegie Mellon University Press in 2010. Scott was the recipient of fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts and the Michigan Council for the Arts and Cultural Affairs. [title] Penn State University Press [text] Penn State University Press, also called The Pennsylvania State University Press, was established in 1956, and is a non-profit publisher of scholarly books and journals. It is the independent publishing branch of the Pennsylvania State University and is a division of the Penn State University Library system. The Penn State University Press primarily publishes scholarship but, as a part of a land-grant university with a mandate to serve the citizens of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, it also specializes in producing books about Pennsylvania and the Penn State University. The areas of scholarship the Press is most known for are philosophy, art history, medieval studies, Latin American studies, political science, religious studies, and early American history. The Penn State Press employs approximately 24 people, and produces about 70 books a year and over 50 journals. The Press also has several internship programs for Penn State students interested in a publishing career. [title] James Madison College [text] James Madison College is a college of public affairs and international relations within Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan, USA. It was founded in 1967, "with a vision of creating a residential college merging the best attributes of a small college with an undergraduate education focusing on public affairs and firmly rooted in liberal arts"; the college was named after James Madison in honor of his role in writing the United States Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and "The Federalist Papers" (which form part of the College's core curriculum). Originally considered experimental, the college has since come to be recognized as among the best in the nation. [title] Michigan State University Press [text] Michigan State University Press is the scholarly publishing arm of Michigan State University, the nation’s pioneer land-grant university (the institution that served as the prototype for schools established under the Morrill Land-Grant Acts of 1862). Although a formal press was not established at MSU until the middle of the 20th century, scholarly publishing was an important part of the institution’s mission from early on; scholarly publishing at Michigan State significantly predates the establishment of its press. By the 1890s the institution’s Experiment Stations began issuing a broad range of influential publications in the natural sciences (including a beautifully illustrated Birds of Michigan in 1892) and as early as 1876, professor A.J. Cook commissioned a Lansing printer to issue his popular Manual of the Apiary, which ran through numerous editions and remained in print for nearly half a century. [title] John Angus Campbell [text] John Angus Campbell (born March 10, 1942 in Portland, Oregon, USA) is a retired American Professor of Rhetoric and is a Fellow of the Center for Science and Culture (a branch of the Discovery Institute, a conservative Christian think tank) and of the International Society for Complexity, Information and Design, a professional society dedicated to the promotion of intelligent design.

Question
When was the editor of Michigan State University Press's journal, "Rhetoric and Public Affairs" born?
Answer(s):
March 10, 1942
