Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Provel cheese [text] Provel is a white processed cheese particularly popular in St. Louis cuisine, that is a combination of cheddar, Swiss, and provolone cheeses. Provel has a low melting point, and therefore has a gooey and almost buttery texture at room temperature. It is the traditional topping for St. Louis-style pizza. It is also often used in the preparation of cheese soup and served on salads, chicken, and the Gerber sandwich. Some restaurants use Provel for their pasta dishes with white sauce instead of the customary fresh Italian cheese and cream. [title] St. Louis-style pizza [text] St. Louis-style pizza is a distinct type of pizza popular in the Midwestern American city of St. Louis, Missouri and surrounding areas. The definitive characteristics of St. Louis-style pizza are a very thin cracker like crust made without yeast, the common (but not universal) use of Provel processed cheese, and pizzas cut into squares or rectangles instead of wedges. [title] Pizza cheese [text] Pizza cheese encompasses several varieties and types of cheeses and dairy products that are designed and manufactured for use specifically on pizza. These include processed and modified cheese such as mozzarella-like processed cheeses and mozzarella variants. The term can also refer to any type of cheese suitable for use on pizza. The most popular cheeses used in the preparation of pizza are mozzarella (accounting for about 30%), provolone, cheddar and Parmesan. Emmental, Romano and ricotta are often used as toppings, and processed pizza cheeses manufactured specifically for pizza are mass-produced. Some mass-produced pizza cheeses are frozen after manufacturing and shipped frozen. [title] St. Louis cuisine [text] St. Louis cuisine, the food culture of the Greater St. Louis area, has a long history and broad range of influences. The cuisine's influences primarily stem from Italian, German, Irish, and French cuisines, but it includes many American contributions. The cuisine includes unique forms of pizza, barbecue, ravioli, pork, and pastries. [title] T.R. Carr [text] T.R. Carr was the mayor of the city of Hazelwood, Missouri in northern St. Louis County, Missouri, from April 2000 until April 2009. He is Professor of Public Administration at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville (SIUE) and Senior Research Fellow at the Institute for Urban Research at SIUE. Carr represents SIUE on the State University Retirement System Member Advisory Board. He is board member and Treasurer of the St. Louis - Samara (Russia) Sister City Committee. Carr is a member of the Board of North County, Inc., an economic development organization in St. Louis County. He is a Commissioner on the St. Louis County Boundary Commission that reviews all municipal annexation plans within St. Louis County. He is a Board Member for the Northwest Chamber of Commerce in St. Louis County. Carr served on the Executive Board of the St. Louis County Municipal League and as League President 2007-2008. Carr served as Chairman of the Standing Committee on Policy and Resolutions of the Missouri Municipal League 2004 to 2009. He served on the St. Louis County Fire Standards Commission 2005 - 2009. He served on the East-West Gateway Council of Governments Board 2007-2009. Carr served as a member, then as Chairman of the Community Advisory Board for SSM Hospital 2000-2009. He has served as Department Chair of Public Administration and Policy Analysis and as Director of the Master of Public Administration Program at SIUE. He maintained these academic positions before, during, and after, his tenure as mayor. [title] List of American cheeses [text] This is a list of cheeses typical of the United States. Types of cheese are included; brand names are only included if they apply to a distinct variety of cheese. Many additional European-type cheeses are also made in the United States, such as Brie, Cheddar, Gouda, mozzarella and provolone. Also, many local dairies throughout the country produce artisan cheeses and other more localized flavors. (The term "American cheese" is also sometimes misunderstood outside the United States to refer to processed cheese products.) Many American cheese varieties are related to European cheeses, with slightly different recipes, and with European-sounding names, such as Swiss cheese, which is not normally found or produced in Switzerland. Almost half of the cheese produced in the United States comes from Wisconsin and California. [title] Granular cheese [text] Granular cheese, also known as stirred curd cheese and hard cheese, is a type of cheese produced by repeatedly stirring and draining a mixture of curd and whey. It can refer to a wide variety of cheeses, including the grana cheeses such as Parmigiano-Reggiano "(at right)" and various others. Many types are commonly used in the production of processed cheese, especially American cheese, which by law must consist of Cheddar cheese, Colby cheese, cheese curd, or granular cheese. [title] Harland Bartholomew [text] Harland Bartholomew (September 14, 1889 – December 2, 1989) was an American urban planner. Although a civil engineer by training and disposition, Harland's career started just as the automobile production was about to take off, industrial development was booming and urban populations grew. The novel challenges and opportunities brought about by this new form of transport inspired the invention of new community concepts and required the development of new approaches to planning transportation in cities. These challenges called for the skills of an engineer to analyze transportation needs quantitiatively as well as those of a person passionate about urban design and social conditions. Harland was able to deliver these qualities. Starting in 1911 and continuing until 1930 Harland Bartholomew created new methodologies and new designs and concepts which made contributions that remain relevant to urban planning in North America today. This novel approach became known as comprehensive planning. His skills and experience were sought by many city planning commissions. Ultimately cities would develop their own in house technical staff to carry on with planning issues. Harland himself was the first full-time planner employed by an American city, and he remained a planner with St. Louis, Missouri for 37 years. During this period both the city of St. Louis and its surrounding areas were thriving and growing. Due to his groundbreaking work he can be described as the father of American and Canadian city planning in the age of the automobile. [title] Cheese spread [text] Cheese spread is a soft spreadable cheese or processed cheese product. Various additional ingredients are sometimes used, such as multiple cheeses, fruits, vegetables and meats, and many types of cheese spreads exist. Pasteurized process cheese spread is a type of cheese spread prepared using pasteurized processed cheese and other ingredients. [title] Velveeta [text] Velveeta is the brand name of a processed cheese product having a taste that is identified as a type of American cheese, but with a softer and smoother texture than cheese. As a result, when melted/heated, Velveeta maintains a fully integrated, and evenly clump-free liquid texture. It was invented in 1918 by Emil Frey of the Monroe Cheese Company in Monroe, New York. In 1923, The Velveeta Cheese Company was incorporated as a separate company, and was sold to Kraft Foods in 1927. The product was advertised at the time as a nutritious health food. According to Kraft's website, in the 1930s, Velveeta became the first cheese product to gain the American Medical Association's seal of approval. It was reformulated in 1953 as a cheese spread. Velveeta is labeled in the United States as a "Pasteurized Recipe Cheese Product" (see processed cheese). The name "Velveeta" is intended to connote a velvety smooth edible product. Smoothness and melting ability are promoted as its properties that result by reincorporating the whey with the curd. The brand has also been successfully spun off into a varied, Velveeta-based product line.

Question
Provel is a white processed cheese particularly popular in St. Louis cuisine, that is a combination of cheddar, Swiss, and provolone cheeses, it is the traditional topping for which distinct type of pizza popular in the Midwestern American city of St. Louis, Missouri and surrounding areas?
Answer(s):
St. Louis-style pizza
