Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] K Street Project [text] The K Street Project is an effort by the Republican Party (GOP) to pressure Washington lobbying firms to hire Republicans in top positions, and to reward loyal GOP lobbyists with access to influential officials, an arrangement known as crony capitalism. It was launched in 1995 by Republican strategist Grover Norquist and then-House majority whip Tom DeLay. It has been criticized as being part of a "coziness" between the GOP and large corporations which has allegedly allowed business to rewrite government regulations affecting their own industries in some cases, such as with Dick Cheney's energy task force. [title] List of things named after Ronald Reagan [text] This is a list of things named after former President of the United States Ronald Reagan. The "Ronald Reagan Legacy Project" is an organization founded by Americans for Tax Reform president Grover Norquist that seeks to name at least one notable public landmark in each U.S. state and all 3067 counties after the 40th president. [title] Mary Matalin [text] Mary Joe Matalin (born August 19, 1953) is an American political consultant well known for her work with the Republican Party. She has served under President Ronald Reagan, was campaign director for George H. W. Bush, was an assistant to President George W. Bush, and counselor to Vice President Dick Cheney until 2003. Matalin has been chief editor of Threshold Editions, a conservative publishing imprint at Simon & Schuster, since March 2005. She is married to Democratic political consultant James Carville. She appears in the award-winning documentary film "" and also played herself, opposite her husband, James Carville, John Slattery, and Mary McCormack in the short lived HBO series "K Street". [title] K Street (Washington, D.C.) [text] K Street is a major thoroughfare in the United States capital of Washington, D.C. known as a center for numerous think tanks, lobbyists, and advocacy groups. In political discourse, "K Street" has become a metonym for Washington's lobbying industry since many lobbying firms were traditionally located on the section in Northwest Washington which passes from Georgetown through a portion of downtown D.C. Since the late 1980s, however, many of the largest lobbying firms have moved out; as of 2012 , only one of the top-20 lobbying firms has a K Street address. [title] Jack Abramoff Indian lobbying scandal [text] The Jack Abramoff Indian lobbying scandal was a United States political scandal exposed in 2005; it related to fraud perpetrated by political lobbyists Jack Abramoff, Ralph E. Reed, Jr., Grover Norquist and Michael Scanlon on Native American tribes who were seeking to develop casino gambling on their reservations. The lobbyists charged the tribes an estimated $85 million in fees. Abramoff and Scanlon grossly overbilled their clients, secretly splitting the multi-million dollar profits. In one case, they secretly orchestrated lobbying against their own clients in order to force them to pay for lobbying services. [title] Little Green House on K Street [text] The Little Green House on K Street was a residence at 1625 K Street, NW, in Washington, DC, USA, that served as the unofficial headquarters of the Ohio Gang during the Presidential Administration of Warren G. Harding. The name itself entered the American lexicon as a symbol of political corruption. The "Chicago Tribune" described the home as one of "the symbols of a nation's disgrace." The house was the site of the planning for what became known as the Teapot Dome Scandal. [title] David Safavian [text] David Hossein Safavian (born August 4, 1967) is a Republican lawyer who worked as a congressional aide, lobbyist, and later as a political appointee in the George W. Bush administration. He served as Chief of Staff of the United States General Services Administration (GSA). He is a figure in the Jack Abramoff lobbying and corruption scandal, having worked with the lobbyist on the Mississippi Band of Choctaw account. After serving with Abramoff as a lobbyist, in 1997 Safavian had co-founded Janus-Merritt Strategies with Republican activist Grover Norquist. [title] Downtown Commons [text] Downtown Commons (or DoCo), formerly known as Sacramento Downtown Plaza, Westfield Downtown Plaza and Downtown Plaza, is an upcoming two-level outdoor mixed-use entertainment and shopping complex operated by JMA Ventures, LLC, located along the alignment of K Street (also known as David J. Stern Walk between 5th and 7th Streets) in downtown Sacramento, California, near the State Capitol building. The complex is bordered by J Street to the north, L Street to the south, 7th Street to the east and 4th Street to the west. Downtown Commons' previous format was a mainly two-level outdoor shopping mall commonly known as Downtown Plaza, despite numerous official name changes over the years. The majority of the site is being redeveloped, centering on the Golden 1 Center, home of the NBA's Sacramento Kings. The section between 5th and 7th Streets was demolished in 2014 to make room for the Golden 1 Center, as well as The Sawyer, a 250-room boutique hotel to be operated by Kimpton Hotels immediately north of the arena site. The remaining standing section between 4th and 5th Streets is being redeveloped in association with the arena project. [title] Alexander Strategy Group [text] Alexander Strategy Group was an American lobbying firm involved in the K Street Project, founded by Ed Buckham and his wife Wendy. Buckham is a former chief of staff of House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, and the firm openly promoted its access to DeLay. Its chief lobbyist was Paul Behrends. [title] Grover Norquist [text] Grover Glenn Norquist (born October 19, 1956) is an American political advocate who is founder and president of Americans for Tax Reform, an organization that opposes all tax increases. A Republican, he is the primary promoter of the "Taxpayer Protection Pledge", a pledge signed by lawmakers who agree to oppose increases in marginal income tax rates for individuals and businesses, as well as net reductions or eliminations of deductions and credits without a matching reduced tax rate. Prior to the November 2012 election, the pledge was signed by 95% of all Republican members of Congress and all but one of the candidates running for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination.

Question
Grover Norquist launched the K Street Project, which political party do they represent?
Answer(s):
Republican
