Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Hooker Chemical Company [text] Hooker Chemical Company, also known as Hooker Electrochemical Company and now Occidental Chemical Corporation, was an American chemical company that produced chlor-alkali products from 1903 to 1968. In 1922, Hooker bought the S. Wander & Sons company for the retail sales of lye and chlorinated lime. Hooker Chemical is best known for the chemical waste site Love Canal, which it sold in 1953, and led to a lengthy lawsuit several decades later. [title] 102nd Street chemical landfill [text] The 102nd Street chemical landfill, is a former chemical landfill located on the Niagara River in Niagara Falls, New York. It is almost immediately adjacent to the infamous Love Canal chemical landfill, which are split from each other by the LaSalle Expressway and Frontier Avenue. Hooker Chemical Company, a subsidiary of Occidental Petroleum, and Olin Chemical, who were the original owners of the site, were ordered to clean up the site and pay $16,500,000 by the United States Environmental Protection Agency. It is a designated Superfund site, and is closed to the public. [title] Krasnyi Bor dump site [text] The Krasnyi Bor dump site is a hazardous waste landfill site in Krasny Bor, Tosnensky District, Leningrad Oblast, Russia. The site is sometimes called the "chemical Chernobyl", due to the two million tons of chemical waste accumulated there. [title] Bowers Landfill [text] Bowers Landfill, also known as Island Road Landfill, is a former privately owned landfill site covering 12 acres near Circleville, Ohio, on the Scioto River floodplain. The site operated between 1958 and 1968. Initially only domestic refuse was accepted, but from 1963 the site began accepting chemical waste from DuPont and PPG Industries. Waste was either dumped on the ground and covered with a layer of soil, or incinerated in the open air. Analysis of surface water undertaken by the United States Environmental Protection Agency in 1980 revealed the presence of contaminants and in 1983 the site was added to the National Priorities List (NPL) of hazardous waste sites eligible for long-term remedial action (cleanup) financed under the federal Superfund program. The cleanup was completed in 1993, and the site was removed from the NPL in 1997, but remains subject to review at 5-year intervals. [title] 267th Chemical Company [text] The 267th Chemical Company was a military unit of the U.S. Army Chemical Corps responsible for the surety of chemical warfare agents dubbed "RED HAT" deployed to the Islands of Okinawa, Japan and subsequently Johnston Atoll in the Pacific Ocean. A recently discovered Army document reveals that the true mission of the 267th Chemical Company was the operation of the Okinawa deployment site as part Project 112. Project 112 was a 1960s biological warfare field test program that was conducted by the Deseret Test Center. Okinawa is not listed as a test site under Project 112 by the U.S. Department of Defense. [title] Operating Industries Inc., Landfill [text] The former Operating Industries Inc. Landfill is a Superfund site located in Monterey Park, California at 900 N Potrero Grande Drive. From 1948 to 1984, the landfill accepted 30 million tons of solid municipal waste and 300 e6USgal of liquid chemicals. Accumulating over time, the chemical waste polluted the air, leached into groundwater, and posed a fire hazard, spurring severely critical public health complaints. Recognizing OII Landfill's heavy pollution, EPA placed the financial responsibility of the dump's clean-up on the main waste-contributing companies, winning hundreds of millions of dollars in settlements for the protection of human health and the environment. [title] Alkali Lake Chemical Waste Dump [text] Alkali Lake Chemical Waste Dump is a hazardous waste disposal site near the southwest edge of Alkali Lake, a seasonally dry playa in Lake County, Oregon. It is in the Summer Lake watershed. The site has been the focus of Oregon Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) efforts to remediate a complex mix of toxic chemicals. Problems were initially caused by the dumping of hazardous waste near the lakebed between 1969 and 1971. [title] Alden B. Dow Office and Lake Jackson City Hall [text] The Alden B. Dow Office and Lake Jackson City Hall is a historic, single-story, wood-frame commercial building in Lake Jackson, Texas, located near Freeport. Built in 1943, it was designed by noted Michigan architect Alden B. Dow in Modern Movement architectural style. The structure was designed as part of a company town of Dow Chemical Company and served as Alden Dow's local office during the development of Lake Jackson. Alden Dow, sometimes called the "Father of Lake Jackson" laid out the plan for the city's streets and designed all of the city's initial buildings, plus six models for varied styles of residences. Dow was the son of the Dow Chemical Company's founder, Herbert Henry Dow. In a May 1944 publication issued by Dow Chemical Company, the Alden B. Dow Office and Lake Jackson City Hall were described as follows: [title] The Burgies [text] The Burgies (or Burgy Bank) are a set of two slag heaps located in the Laffak area of St Helens, Merseyside. The two are divided by Islands Brow road and Snookerpool Avenue and are bordered on the west side by the rail line connecting Liverpool Lime Street with Wigan North Western. They are on the site of the old Rushy Park coal mine noted as the first mine to use the revolutionary Anderton shearer-loader. The slag heaps were created by the dumping of toxic chemical waste from the manufacture of glass by the towns Pilkington company. The exact composition of the slag heaps is unknown but a land study showed it to contain various poisonous elements such as Arsenic, Lead and Cadmium. Technically the land is private property belonging to Pilkington but the public have access and regularly use it for various activities. The exact age of the Burgies is unknown, however it is understood that the second burgies is actually the oldest. This older one is sometimes referred to as "the dry Burgies" with the newer first burgies referred to as "the wet Burgies". These terms are used by older residents who remember the actual construction, as the first one is a drier waste with the second one being a thick liquid. This liquid was pumped through a pipe from Pilkington’s across the second Burgies to the site of the first Burgies. Boards were erected as moulds to hold the liquid until it dried and then moulds were built on top of these to allow more liquid to be placed on top. [title] Love Canal [text] Love Canal is a neighborhood within Niagara Falls, New York. The neighborhood is infamously known as the host of a 70-acre landfill that served as the epicenter of a massive environmental pollution disaster that affected the health of hundreds of residents, culminating in an extensive Superfund cleanup operation.

Question
Where is the chemical waste site Hooker Chemical Company is best known for located?
Answer(s):
Niagara Falls, New York
