Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Primrose Adams [text] Primrose Adams (born 1926 in Masset, Haida Gwaii) is a Canadian First Nations artist and member of the Raven Clan from the Haida nation. She weaves hats and baskets in the Haida method and is most notable for her spruce root basketry, which involves working in the traditional manner of collecting and dyeing her own spruce root. [title] Haida people [text] The Haida ( , Haida: "X̱aayda, X̱aadas, X̱aad, X̱aat" ) are a nation and ethnic group native to, or otherwise associated with, Haida Gwaii and the Haida language. The language, which is an isolate language, has historically been spoken across Haida Gwaii and certain islands on the Alaska Panhandle, where it has been spoken for at least 14 000 years. Prior to the 19th century, Haida would speak a number of coastal First Nations languages such as Lingít, Nisg̱a'a and Sm'álgyax. After settlers' arrival and colonisation of the Haida through residential schools, few Haida speak X̱aayda/X̱aad kíl, though there are many efforts to revive the language. [title] Florence Davidson [text] Florence Edenshaw Davidson (1896–1993) was a Canadian First Nations artist from the Haida nation who created traditional basketry and button-blankets and was also a respected elder in her First Nations community, the Haida village of Masset, Haida Gwaii Islands, British Columbia. [title] Council of the Haida Nation [text] The Council of the Haida Nation (Haida: X̱aaydaG̱a Waadlux̱an Naay ) is the Haida Government of the Haida Nation. The Haida Nation is engaged in a Title dispute of their territories, Haida Gwaii, and holds them to be independent from Canada. The Haida Nation, culturally, also includes portions of Alaska. The Kaigani Haida, who are the Alaskan group, are not part of the same government and are constituted separately within the Central Council Tlingit Haida Indian Tribes of Alaska. There are two villages of the Haida Nation within Canada, G̱aaw, known in English as Old Massett and Hlg̱aagilda, known in English as Skidegate. [title] Haida language [text] Haida ("X̱aat Kíl ", "X̱aadas Kíl ", "X̱aayda Kil ", "Xaad kil ",) is the language of the Haida people, spoken in the Haida Gwaii archipelago of the coast of Canada and on Prince of Wales Island in Alaska. An endangered language by the book of UNESCO, Haida currently has about 20 native speakers, though revitalization efforts are underway. At the time of the European arrival at Haida Gwaii in 1774, it is estimated that Haida speakers numbered about 15,000. Epidemics soon led to a drastic reduction in the Haida population, which became limited to three villages: Masset, Skidegate, and Hydaburg. Positive attitudes towards assimilation combined with the ban on speaking Haida in residential schools led to a sharp decline in the use of the Haida language among the Haida people, and today almost all ethnic Haida use English to communicate. [title] Lyell Island [text] Lyell Island, known also in the Haida language as Athlii Gwaii, is a large island in the Haida Gwaii archipelago on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada. [title] Old Massett [text] Old Massett, named G̱aaw in X̱aad kíl, is a village on Graham Island in Haida Gwaii, British Columbia, Canada. It lies on the east side of Masset Sound close to the town of Masset; the area of land it is on is legally designated Masset Indian Reserve No. 1, or Masset 1. The original name of the settlement was Uttewas, meaning "white-slope village" in the Haida language. It is populated by Haida people of the Eagle phratry. The town is administered by the Old Massett Village Council. Its population has fluctuated over the last one hundred and fifty years; smallpox drastically reduced its numbers in the late 1800s, but in 1968 it had over 1,000 people and was the largest village in Haida Gwaii. In 2009, the Village Council counted 2,698 band members in the area; the 2011 census counted 614 living at the Old Massett townsite. [title] Hotspring Island [text] Hotspring Island, originally named in English as Volcanic Island and known in the Haida language as G̱andll K'in Gwaayaay ("Hot-Water-Island"), is a small island near the southeast coast of Lyell Island in the Haida Gwaii archipelago of the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada. The island's names derive from a hot spring located on its southwestern end, the temperature of which has been measured at 162 F . The island is part of Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site and is supervised by the Haida Gwaii Watchmen. [title] George M Dawson Secondary School [text] George Mercer Dawson Secondary, now called Gudangaay Tlaats'gaa Naay Secondary School is a public high school in Masset, British Columbia. It is one of three secondary schools and one of six schools in School District 50 Haida Gwaii/Queen Charlotte. George Mercer Dawson Secondary officially opened on October 19, 1970, and was named after George Mercer Dawson CMG FRS FRSC, (August 1, 1849 – March 2, 1901) a Canadian scientist, surveyor and eminent authority on ethnology and archeology who undertook the Canadian Governments Geological Survey of Haida Gwaii, formerly named Queen Charlotte Islands. [title] Gudangaay Tlaats'gaa Naay Secondary School [text] Gudangaay Tlaats'gaa Naay Secondary, formerly George Mercer Dawson Secondary is a public high school in Masset, British Columbia. It is one of two secondary schools and one of six schools in School District 50 Haida Gwaii. George Mercer Dawson Secondary officially opened on October 19, 1970, and was named after George Mercer Dawson CMG FRS FRSC, (August 1, 1849 – March 2, 1901) a Canadian scientist, surveyor and eminent authority on ethnology and archeology who undertook the Canadian Governments Geological Survey of Haida Gwaii, formerly named Queen Charlotte Islands. In September, 2016 the school was renamed to Gudangaay Tlaats'gaa Naay Secondary by unanimous decision of the SD50 School Board.

Question
Primrose Adams (born 1926 in Masset, Haida Gwaii) is a Canadian First Nations artist and member of the Raven Clan from which nation and ethnic group native to, or otherwise associated with, Haida Gwaii and the Haida language?
Answer(s):
Haida
