Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Ponderosa Campground [text] Ponderosa Campground is a United States Forest Service campground in the high country of Big Sur, on the central coast of California in the Los Padres National Forest. The campground has 23 sites set in a high valley adjacent to the Nacimiento River, with a canopy of Ponderosa Pine, Oak, Madrone, and California Sycamore trees. Each site includes a picnic table, fire ring, and pedestal grill. The campground is on the Nacimiento-Fergusson Road (a famous motorcycling road), approximately 13 miles east of State Route 1 and 20 miles west of the city of Lockwood. [title] Kirk Wagoner [text] Kirk Wagoner is an American politician. He serves as a Republican member of the Montana House of Representatives, where he represents District 75, including Montana City, Montana. [title] Kampgrounds of America [text] Kampgrounds of America (KOA) is the world's largest system of privately held campgrounds with almost 500 locations across US and Canada. It was founded in 1962 and is based in Billings, Montana, USA. The current President/CEO of KOA is Pat Hittmeier. [title] KWLG-LP [text] KWLG-LP (105.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a variety format. Licensed to Montana City, Montana, United States, the station serves the Helena, Montana, area. The station is currently owned by Jefferson County Disaster & Emergency Services. [title] Grant-Frontier Park [text] Grant-Frontier Park is a park at Evans Ave. on the east bank of the South Platte River in southwest Denver, Colorado. It is the site of the Montana City settlement. The park was named in honor of Grant Junior High School (now Grant Middle School) whose teachers and students were responsible for discovering the site, cleaning and restoring it, and researching the history of Montana City. [title] Bracut, California [text] Bracut (formerly, Brainard) is an unincorporated community in Humboldt County, California. It is located on the Northwestern Pacific Railroad 3 mi south of Arcata, at an elevation of 16 feet (5 m). The name originated as a contraction of the railway cut through Brainard hill in the Humboldt Bay salt marsh. Railway trestle work originally connected the hill south to Eureka and north to Arcata. Much of the hill was subsequently excavated to provide fill to replace the original trestle work; and the railway fill prism became a dike encouraging conversion of the inland salt marsh to pasture land. The leveled hill is now the site of several large structures remaining from previous lumber operations, a District 1 CalTrans yard, and a KOA campground. [title] Brown Tract Pond Campground [text] Brown Tract Pond Campground is a campground run by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation in Raquette Lake, New York. It is located on the shores of Browns Tract Pond in a remote area of the Adirondacks, approximately 2 mi from Raquette Lake, near the town of Inlet in Hamilton County. [title] Toland, Pennsylvania [text] Toland is an unincorporated community in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States. The very small village is located on Pine Grove Road, east of Mountain Creek Campground. Michaux State Forest, the site of Laurel Lake, Fuller Lake and Pine Grove Furnace State Park lie a few miles to the west near the intersection of Pine Grove Road and PA route 233. Toland has a mailing address of Gardners Pennsylvania, because the size of the community doesn't warrant a post-office, nor an official incorporated name. What is now a sand pit operation was originally a clay bank mining operation that was the reason for the location of the village of Toland. Less than 50 people reside in the close-knit community, which was built for the clay bank company workers in the first quarter of the 20th century. The original community of Toland, Pennsylvania consisted of 11 duplex houses, built side by side along Pine Grove Road, with less than 0.17 of an acre of land to each. Additional homes have been built since. When the community was originally built there was only a common well with a hand pump for all of the families to draw from. Toland is less than 1/4 of a mile long, and it is located less than half a mile from the Appalachian trail crossing. The closest town is Mount Holly Springs, Pennsylvania located (3 miles north of Toland). The village is roughly 10 miles south of Carlisle, Pennsylvania, 7 miles south east of Boiling Springs, Pennsylvania, and 15 miles South of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. The only business in Toland is the Cherokee Campground formerly known as the Tagg Run Campground. The campground restaurant is now closed. Toland Mission is a small non-denominational church that can hold up to 74 persons. It was originally built by the owner of Beetem Lumber Company in Carlisle for the families of the community of Toland. A one-room school house near the church originally served the community, but it was converted to a home when residents' children were transported to a township school. Local people in Toland usually travel to the town of Mount Holly Springs for necessities such as gas, food, and toiletries. [title] Elkhorn Mountains [text] The Elkhorn Mountains are a mountain range in southwestern Montana, part of the Rocky Mountains and are roughly 300,000 acres (1200 km²) in size. It is an inactive volcanic mountain range with the highest point being Crow Peak at 9414 ft , right next to Elkhorn Peak, 9381 ft . The range is surrounded by the cities of Helena, Montana City, Townsend, Whitehall, and Boulder and is part of the Helena National Forest in Montana's Jefferson County. [title] Echo Bay, Nevada [text] Echo Bay is an unincorporated community in the U.S. state of Nevada. It is located on the eastern shore of the Overton Arm (northern portion) of Lake Mead, within Lake Mead National Recreation Area. The community contains a campground run by the National Park Service and a boat ramp. There used to be a marina there as well, but it closed in February 2013. Approximately 200,000 people visit Echo Bay annually. There was a small trailer park for housing.

Question
Bracut, California has a campground run by the company that was founded in what Montana city?
Answer(s):
Billings
