Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Acanthus (plant) [text] Acanthus is a genus of about 30 species of flowering plants in the family Acanthaceae, native to tropical and warm temperate regions, with the highest species diversity in the Mediterranean Basin and Asia. Common names include Acanthus and Bear's breeches. The generic name derives from the Greek term for the Acanthus mollis, ἄκανθος , "akanthos", a plant that was commonly imitated in Corinthian capitals. [title] Flora of Saskatchewan [text] The native flora of the Saskatchewan includes vascular plants, plus additional species of other plants and plant-like organisms such as algae, lichens and other fungi, and mosses. Non-native species of plants are recorded as established outside of cultivation in Saskatchewan, of these some non-native species remain beneficial for gardening, and agriculture, where others have become invasive, noxious weeds. Saskatchewan is committed to protecting species at risk in Canada. The growing season has been studied and classified into plant hardiness zones depending on length of growing season and climatic conditions. Biogeographic factors have also been divided into vegetative zones, floristic kingdoms, hardiness zones and ecoregions across Saskatchewan, and natural vegetation varies depending on elevation, moisture, soil type landforms, and weather. The study of ethnobotany uncovers the interrelation between humans and plants and the various ways people have used plants for economic reasons, food, medicine and technological developments. The Government of Saskatchewan has declared 3 indigenous plants as provincial symbols. [title] Francisella novicida [text] Francisella novicida is a bacterium of the Francisellaceae family, which consist of Gram-negative pathogenic bacteria. These bacteria vary from small cocci to rod-shaped, and are most known for their intracellular parasitic capabilities. In this family, six species have been identified; however, the species "F. novicida" is under intense scrutiny. Though some believe it should be classified with its own species designation, others argue it should be reclassified as a subspecies under "F. tularensis". If it were to be classified as a subspecies, "F. novicida" would join the other known subspecies including "F. t. tularensis" (type A) and "F. t. holarctica" (type B). Biochemical assays for identifying "F. tularensis" subtypes and strains are not ideal because the results are often non-definitive and subject to variation, therefore these assays should only be considered as supplementary tests for identification of "Francisella" species and subspecies. Several strains of "F. novicida" or "F. novicida"-like bacteria have been described, and these strains may be resolved by PCR-based methods. [title] Hygrophila (plant) [text] Hygrophila, commonly known as swampweeds, is a genus of flowering plants in the acanthus family, Acanthaceae. There are about 80 to 100 species, of which many are aquatic plants. The genus is distributed across the tropical and subtropical world. It is one of only two genera in its family that contains aquatic plants, the other being "Justicia". The genus is treated in the tribe "Hygrophileae", which is noted as being in need of revision at the genus level, meaning the current taxonomic boundaries of "Hygrophila" are likely to change in the future. [title] Sansevieria [text] Sansevieria is a genus of about 70 species of flowering plants, native to Africa, Madagascar and southern Asia. Common names include mother-in-law's tongue, devil's tongue, jinn's tongue, bow string hemp, snake plant and snake tongue. It is often included in the genus "Dracaena"; in the APG III classification system, both genera are placed in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Nolinoideae (formerly the family Ruscaceae). It has also been placed in the former family Dracaenaceae. [title] Colloblast [text] Colloblasts are a cell type found in ctenophores. They are widespread in the tentacles of these animals and are used to capture prey. Colloblasts consist of a coiled spiral filament that is embedded in the epidermis and an axial filament with a granular dome. The apical surface of these cells consist of eosinophilic granules that are thought to be the source of adhesion. On contact, these granules rupture, and release an adhesive substance onto the prey. The spiral filament absorbs the impact of the rupture, preventing the ensnared prey from escaping. Colloblasts are found in all ctenophores except those of the order Beroida, which lack tentacles, and the species "Haeckelia rubra", which utilize cnidocytes from cnidarian prey. [title] Heliamphora [text] The genus Heliamphora ( or ; Greek: "helos" "marsh" and "amphoreus" "amphora") contains 23 species of pitcher plants endemic to South America. The species are collectively known as sun pitchers, based on the mistaken notion that the "heli" of "Heliamphora" is from the Greek "helios", meaning "sun". In fact, the name derives from "helos", meaning marsh, so a more accurate translation of their scientific name would be marsh pitcher plants. Species in the genus "Heliamphora" are carnivorous plants that consist of a modified leaf form that is fused into a tubular shape. They have evolved mechanisms to attract, trap, and kill insects; and control the amount of water in the pitcher. At least one species ("H. tatei") produces its own proteolytic enzymes that allows it to digest its prey without the help of symbiotic bacteria. [title] Trichanthera [text] Trichanthera is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the acanthus family containing the single species Trichanthera gigantea, which is known by many common names, including madre de agua, suiban, cenicero, tuno, naranjillo, and palo de agua. It is native to Central America and northern South America. It has also been introduced to other tropical regions such as Vietnam, Cambodia, and the Philippines. [title] Acanthaceae [text] Acanthaceae is a family (the acanthus family) of dicotyledonous flowering plants containing almost 250 genera and about 2500 species. Most are tropical herbs, shrubs, or twining vines; some are epiphytes. Only a few species are distributed in temperate regions. The four main centres of distribution are Indonesia and Malaysia, Africa, Brazil, and Central America. The representatives of the family can be found in nearly every habitat, including dense or open forests, scrublands, wet fields and valleys, sea coast and marine areas, swamps, and mangrove forests. [title] Herbivore adaptations to plant defense [text] Herbivores are dependent on plants for food, and have coevolved mechanisms to obtain this food despite the evolution of a diverse arsenal of plant defenses against herbivory. Herbivore adaptations to plant defense have been likened to "offensive traits" and consist of those traits that allow for increased feeding and use of a host. Plants, on the other hand, protect their resources for use in growth and reproduction, by limiting the ability of herbivores to eat them. Relationships between herbivores and their host plants often results in reciprocal evolutionary change. When a herbivore eats a plant it selects for plants that can mount a defensive response, whether the response is incorporated biochemically or physically, or induced as a counterattack. In cases where this relationship demonstrates "specificity" (the evolution of each trait is due to the other), and "reciprocity" (both traits must evolve), the species are thought to have coevolved. The escape and radiation mechanisms for coevolution, presents the idea that adaptations in herbivores and their host plants, has been the driving force behind speciation. The coevolution that occurs between plants and herbivores that ultimately results in the speciation of both can be further explained by the Red Queen hypothesis. This hypothesis states that competitive success and failure evolve back and forth through organizational learning. The act of an organism facing competition with another organism ultimately leads to an increase in the organism's performance due to selection. This increase in competitive success then forces the competing organism to increase its performance through selection as well, thus creating an "arms race" between the two species. Herbivores evolve due to plant defenses because plants must increase their competitive performance first due to herbivore competitive success.

Question
Both Acanthus and Sansevieria are both species that consist of what type of plants?
Answer(s):
flowering plants
