Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport [text] Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport (IATA: DFW, ICAO: KDFW, FAA LID: DFW) is the primary international airport serving the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex area in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the largest hub for American Airlines, which is headquartered near the airport. 2016 was a record year for DFW, as the airport served 65,670,697 passengers. [title] Manhattan Regional Airport [text] Manhattan Regional Airport (IATA: MHK, ICAO: KMHK, FAA LID: MHK) in Riley County, Kansas is the second-busiest commercial airport in Kansas. It is owned by the city of Manhattan, Kansas, and is about five miles southwest of downtown Manhattan. American Airlines serves the airport with five daily flights to Chicago O'Hare International Airport and Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. The airport is also used for general aviation and for planes chartered by the military and college sports teams (the airport is four miles east of Fort Riley and eight miles southwest of Kansas State University's athletic complex). [title] Charlotte Douglas International Airport [text] Charlotte Douglas International Airport (IATA: CLT, ICAO: KCLT, FAA LID: CLT) is a joint civil-military public international airport located in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States. Established in 1935 as Charlotte Municipal Airport, in 1954 the airport was renamed Douglas Municipal Airport after former Charlotte mayor Ben Elbert Douglas, Sr. The airport gained its current name in 1982 and, as of September 2017, it is the second largest hub for American Airlines after Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, with service to 161 domestic and international destinations. As of 2016 it was the 5th busiest airport in the United States, ranked by passenger traffic and aircraft movements. It was also the 7th business airport in the world ranked by aircraft movements Charlotte is the largest airport in the United States without any nonstop service to Asia. The airport serves as a major gateway to the Caribbean Islands. CLT covers 5,558 acres (2,249 ha) of land. [title] Lone Star Airlines [text] Lone Star Airlines was an American regional airline that operated both domestic and international flights. For much of the airline's life its headquarters were located in the Fort Worth Stockyards in Fort Worth, Texas. The airline's largest hub was located at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport. The airline filed for bankruptcy in August, 1998 and was liquidated in October, 1998. [title] Fort Worth Spinks Airport [text] Fort Worth Spinks Airport (ICAO: KFWS, FAA LID: FWS) is a city owned, public use airport located 14 nautical miles (26 km) south of the central business district of Fort Worth, in Tarrant County, Texas, United States. It is the newest of the three airports that are owned by the City of Fort Worth and it serves the cities of Fort Worth, Burleson, and Mansfield. The airport is located at the intersection of Interstate 35W and HWY 1187 and serves as a reliever airport for Fort Worth Meacham International Airport and Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport. It was one of few airports in the country to have Class E airspace and a control tower. However, its airspace now has Class D designation. [title] Texas Sky [text] Texas Sky Public Charters is a regional charter brand of Public Charters, Inc., an airline headquartered in Avoca, Pennsylvania. It flies between Victoria Regional Airport, Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, and Del Rio International Airport. Flights to Victoria are subsidized under the Alternative Essential Air Service program. Victoria is the second airport in the United States to receive subsidy under the Alternative program. Texas Sky announced it will begin air service to Del Rio, Texas and resume service to Dallas/Fort Worth in 2017. [title] CentrePort/DFW Airport station [text] CentrePort/DFW Airport station is a Trinity Railway Express commuter rail station in Fort Worth, Texas. It is located on Statler Boulevard just south of Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. It opened on September 16, 2000, and is a station on the TRE commuter line, serving the CentrePort business park, the headquarters of American Airlines, and all terminals of DFW Airport. Connections to all DFW airport terminals are free but require riding two shuttle buses: first the shuttle to the DFW Remote South lot, then connecting there to the terminal shuttles. [title] Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport station [text] Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport station is a transit station located at the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport in Irving, Texas. It offers service on the DART Orange Line light rail service, and the TEX Rail and commuter rail lines. [title] Haltom City, Texas [text] Haltom City is a city that is part of the Dallas-Fort Worth region and inside Tarrant County, Texas, United States. The population was 42,409 at the 2010 census. Haltom City is a inner suburb of Fort Worth, a principal city of the DFW Metroplex. The city is 6 miles from Downtown Fort Worth, 30 miles from the American Airlines Center in Dallas, and 20 miles from the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport in Irving. Haltom is surrounded almost entirely by Fort Worth, North Richland Hills, Watauga, and Richland Hills. [title] KXAS-TV [text] KXAS-TV, virtual channel 5 (UHF digital channel 41), is an NBC owned-and-operated television station serving the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex that is licensed to Fort Worth, Texas, United States. The station is owned by the NBCUniversal Owned Television Stations subsidiary of NBCUniversal (itself a division of Comcast), and is part of a duopoly with Telemundo owned-and-operated station KXTX-TV (channel 39). The two stations share studio facilities located at The Studios at DFW at the CentrePort Business Park on Amon Carter Boulevard (near the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport) in Fort Worth; KXAS maintains transmitter facilities located south of Belt Line Road in Cedar Hill.

Question
Which airport is the largest hub for American Airlines, Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport or Manhattan Regional Airport?
Answer(s):
Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport
