Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [text] Following a major road victory against the Colts, the Patriots returned home to face another tough team in the Detroit Lions. The Patriots re-signed last season's star LeGarrette Blount who had been released by the Steelers earlier that week after leaving a game early. On the opening possession of the game Matthew Stafford hit Golden Tate for gains of 24 and 17 yards en route to the Patriots 34, but could only settle for a Matt Prater 48-yard field goal. Later, midway through the first quarter, the Patriots raced 64 yards in 9 plays scoring on Brady's 4-yard touchdown pass to Tim Wright. The Lions replied on their very next possession, driving 78 yards to the Patriots 2-yard line, but the Patriots and their elite red zone defense did their thing and Prater added a 20-yard field goal. It was all Patriots for the rest of the half. Danny Amendola returned the ensuing kickoff 81 yards to the Detroit 22. A 16-yard pass to LaFell and a 3-yard encroachment penalty to Ndamukong Suh moved the ball to the 3-yard line. On the very next play Blount added a 3-yard rushing touchdown, increasing the lead to 14-6. The Lions were able to drive to the Patriots 39, but were forced to punt. Taking over at their own 7, the Patriots methodically moved 93 yards in 13 plays, culminating with Brady find Wright again, for an 8-yard touchdown pass, increasing their lead to 21-6. The Lions drove to the Patriots 35 on the ensuing possession, but Prater missed a 53-yard field goal. Taking over at their own 43, the Patriots needed just four plays to reach the Lions 17 and Gostkowski closed out the half with a 35-yard field goal as they went into the locker room up 24-6. The Patriots took the opening kickoff of the half 70 yards down to the Lions 10-yard line trying to bury Detroit, but on 1st down Tom Brady was intercepted by James Ihedigbo. Like almost every possession on the day, the Lions did nothing and punted after five plays. The Patriots proceeded to march 50 yards to the Lions 25 and Gostkowski added a 43-yard field goal, increasing the lead to 27-6. After both teams swapped three-and-outs the Lions advanced to the Patriots 31, but once again settled for a Matt Prater field goal, making the score 27-9 early in the fourth quarter. After a Patriots three-and-out, the Lions reached the Patriots 25, but turned the ball over on downs after Stafford slid short 1-yard short of the first down on 4th-and-10. After making the Patriots punt, Stafford was intercepted by Logan Ryan. Starting at their own 34, the Patriots marched 66 yards in 9 plays, with LeGarrette Blount finished off the drive with a 1-yard touchdown run. The Lions looked liked a team that was mentally unprepared and lackluster early on with their offense struggling to score in the red zone and made horrific mistakes. At the end of the game, controversy brewed when a defensive lineman slapped the head of Patriots long snapper Danny Aiken, who ended up missing the Chargers game with a concussion, in the head that led to a personal foul penalty and a first down. The Patriots promptly scored on the next play with a 3-yard Blount touchdown, which angered Lions center Dominic Raiola. Raiola later took out his frustration on Patriots defensive lineman Zach Moore by punching him in the back of the helmet. Tom Brady was 38 of 53 for 349 yards 2 TDs (both to Tim Wright) and 1 INTs. LeGarrette Blount added 78 yard on 12 carries and two TDs in his return. Matthew Stafford struggled going only 18 of 46 for 264 yards 0 TDs and 1 INTs. Joique Bell added only 48 yards on 19 carries. Another reason the Lions couldn't get going, Darrelle Revis locked down vaunted receiver Calvin Johson holding him to just 4 catches for 58 yards and 0 TDs. With the win, the Patriots improved to 9-2, not only running their winning streak to 7 games, but also making it the 14th straight winning season for the Patriots.

Question
Which team had the most points at halftime?
Answer(s):
Patriots
