Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [text] The Patriots dominated the game from start to finish as they blew out the Jets 41-3 to move to a 13-2 record. The game began with a coin toss in which the Pats won and elected to kick. After forcing the Jets to punt on the first drive of the game, the Patriots used good field position to reach the Jets' 11 and Gostkowski gave the Patriots the early lead with a 29-yard field goal. On 3rd-and-11 on the Jets next drive, Bryce Petty was intercepted by Malcolm Butler at the Jets' 47 for no gain. The Patriots wasted no time, needing just 8 plays to score on a 5-yard touchdown pass from Brady to Bennett, extending the lead to 10-0. After both teams punted on their next possession, Khiry Robinson lost a fumble while being tackled by Elandon Roberts and Butler recovered for the Patriots. Petty was suffered a dislocated shoulder injury on the play and wouldn't return, being replaced by embattled veteran, Ryan Fitzpatrick. Taking over at the Jets' 28, outstanding field position, the Patriots drove all the way to the Jets 4, but could only settle for a field goal. The Jets finally moved the ball on their ensuing possession, but Nick Folk missed a 34-yard field goal wide right. Following a Patriots three-and-out, Fitzpatrick was intercepted by Eric Rowe at the Patriots' 46 for no gain. It took the Patriots a mere four plays to score on Brady's 18-yard touchdown pass to third-string tight end Matt Lengel, his first career catch, and the lead widened to 20-0. As the Jets anemic offense punted, a 47-yard pass interference penalty on Doug Middleton moved the ball from the Patriots' 28 to the Jets' 25 and on the next play, Brady threw a touchdown pass to James White with just 0:25 seconds left in the half to increase the margin to 27-0. The pass was just out of the reach of linebacker David Harris, who was covering him. After the first two drives of the second half ended in punts, the Patriots marched 63 yards in 13, lasting nearly 8 minutes to further their lead to 34-0 on a 1-yard touchdown run by Blount. On the 5th play of the Jets next drive, Fitzpatrick was intercepted by Butler, his second, who returned the ball 21 yards to the Jets 47, plus a face mask penalty moving the ball to the Jets' 22. With Garoppolo replacing Brady, the Patriots continued rolling 8 plays later with another 1-yard touchdown run by Blount early in the fourth quarter. With that touchdown (his 17th of the season) the lead increased to 41-0. On their next drive, the Jets finally ended the shutout attempt with Folk's 29-yard field goal. After a Patriots punt, the Jets once again drove into Patriots territory, but turned the ball over on downs. The Patriots proceeded to run out the clock to end the game. The Patriots improved to 13-2, and their defense shut down Fitzpatrick, who had had a career day against the Patriots just four weeks earlier. The Patriots forced four turnovers from the Jets, including three interceptions; one being made by Eric Rowe and another two which were made by Malcolm Butler, who also recovered a fumble. Furthermore, head coach Bill Belichick recorded his 200th regular season victory with the Patriots; he became the fifth coach in NFL history to accomplish this feat with a single franchise.

Question
Who scored the first touchdown of the 2nd half?
Answer(s):
Blount

Question
Which team scored more points in the first half, Patriots or Jets?
Answer(s):
Patriots
