Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [text] After their loss to Atlanta, Washington hosted the Minnesota Vikings, looking to snap an 8-game home losing streak. The first quarter was dominated by the Vikings, as they reached the redzone three times and intercepted Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III. However, the Redskins defense was able to stiffen in the redzone, holding the Vikings to three Blair Walsh field goals of 20, 27, and 27 yards, to give the Vikings a 9-0 advantage after one quarter. In the second, Washington finally was able to sustain a drive. The Redskins drive stalled at the Vikings' 33-yard line, however, and new Redskins kicker Kai Forbath got his first NFL opportunity, having replaced Billy Cundiff, who was cut earlier in the week, and delivered a 50-yard boot to trim the deficit to 9-3. After a Vikings three-and-out, Washington was able to run an 11-play drive that gave it its first advantage of the game, as Alfred Morris scored on a 1-yard run and gave Washington a 10-9 lead. On Minnesota's ensuing possession, Vikings quarterback Christian Ponder was sacked, fumbled, and the fumble was subsequently recovered by Lorenzo Alexander of Washington, setting the Redskins up at the Vikings 6. Robert Griffin III then found fullback Darrel Young for a 6-yard touchdown pass, extending the Redskins advantage to 17-9. In the third, Washington continued imposing its will, as they drove down the field again, this time culminating in a Robert Griffin III touchdown run, his fifth rushing touchdown of the year, setting a Washington Redskins record for rushing touchdowns by a Redskins QB and extending the Washington advantage to 24-9. The Vikings would not back down, though, and Blair Walsh connected again, this time from 37 yards, his fourth field goal on the day, to cut into the lead, and make it 24-12. In the fourth, the Vikings possessed the ball, but Ponder threw an interception straight into the waiting arms of Redskins free safety Madieu Williams, who returned it 24 yards to put the game nearly on ice, at 31-12 Washington. The Vikings, however, proved resilient. On their ensuing drive, the Vikings found the endzone for the first time on the day, with Ponder finding wide receiver Michael Jenkins for a 9-yard score. Ponder subsequently found Kyle Rudolph on a successful two-point conversion attempt, and the Redskins lead was cut to 31-20. After Washington could not extend its advantage, Minnesota got the ball back. Once again, Minnesota scored, this time Ponder found Rudolph to cut the lead to 31-26. This time, however, the two-point conversion came up short, meaning Minnesota would again need to score a touchdown to complete its rally. However, Washington's rookie QB would see to it that no comeback would be complete on his team on this day, as Griffin, on 3rd-and-6 from his own 24, found a seam on a designed quarterback draw, and raced down the sideline for a 76-yard touchdown run, the longest such rush TD by a QB since Kordell Stewart scrambled for an 80-yard score against the Carolina Panthers in the 1996 season. With the score now 38-26 Redskins, the Vikings tried to rally again, and were able to reach the Redskins' goal line. However, with less than a half minute remaining, DeAngelo Hall intercepted Christian Ponder, to officially preserve the 38-26 win. With the win, Washington improved to 3-3, snapped an 8-game home losing streak, and will have an opportunity to take first place in the NFC East with a victory over the defending Super Bowl XLVI champion New York Giants next week.

Question
Which team scored the most points in the game?
Answer(s):
Redskins
