Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [text] Coming off their road win over the Panthers, the Cowboys closed out the regular season at FedExField in a Week 17 NFC East rematch with the Washington Redskins. With the #1 seed already wrapped up, the Cowboys had little to play for and rested many of their starters in the 2nd half. In the first quarter, Dallas trailed early with Redskins RB Clinton Portis getting a 23-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Washington increased its lead with kicker Shaun Suisham getting a 46-yard field goal. The Cowboys would respond with rookie kicker Nick Folk getting a 37-yard field goal, but the Redskins replied with Suisham kicking a 21-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Washington continued to lead as Portis got a 1-yard TD run for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the Redskins pulled away as QB Todd Collins completed a 42-yard TD pass to WR Santana Moss. Dallas would end the game with Folk nailing a 30-yard field goal. With the loss, the Cowboys ended the regular season at 13-3, along with the NFC's #1 seed. The Cowboys secured a bye and home field advantage throughout the playoffs with an NFC best 13-3 regular season record. Fresh off a bye week, the #1 seed Cowboys hosted the #5 seed New York Giants in the Divisional round of the playoffs. The Giants were fresh off an upset win over the #4 seed Tampa Bay Buccaneers in Tampa Bay in the Wild Card round. It would be the third time the NFC East division rivals faced off against each other that season, with the Cowboys winning the previous two matchups. The Giants took the opening kickoff and came out firing, hitting the Cowboys with a quick 52 yard touchdown pass from Eli Manning to Amani Toomer. The Cowboys and Giants would exchange punts on the next 2 series before the Cowboy marched 96 yards down the field, scoring on a 5-yard touchdown pass from Tony Romo to Terrell Owens (which was reviewed and upheld), tying the score at 7-7. The Cowboys never faced a 3rd down on the drive. With the 2nd quarter underway, the Giants would punt on the next series, giving the ball to the Cowboys at their own 10 yard line with 11:21 left in the 2nd quarter. The Cowboys would proceed to march methodically down the field in small chunks, as they burned up all but 61 seconds of the clock before Marion Barber bulled into the end zone on a 1-yard touchdown run, making it 14-7 in the Cowboys favor (the play was reviewed but upheld). With just 61 seconds left in the half, the Giants seemed to catch the Cowboys' defense napping as they quickly marched down the field from their own 29 yard line, stunning the Cowboys with a 4-yard touchdown pass from Manning to Toomer with 11 seconds left in the half. It was Manning and Toomer's 2nd touchdown connection of the first half. The game went into halftime with the score tied at 14-14. The Cowboys took the opening kickoff, and much like their last drive in the first half, proceeded to march very slowly down the field, gaining yards in small chunks. After a drop by tight end Anthony Fasano in the end zone, the Cowboys' long drive stalled out and they had to settle for a 34-yard FG from kicker Nick Folk, to make it 17-14 for the Cowboys. The drive took up over 8 minutes of the 3rd quarter. The next 2 series of the game resulted in punts. After a 25-yard punt return, the Giants had excellent field position at the Dallas 37 yard line. The drive went into the start of the 4th quarter, where Brandon Jacobs rumbled into the end zone for a 1-yard touchdown, to make it 21-17 for the Giants. As the 4th quarter ticked on, both teams exchanged punts on the next 4 series. With 1:50 left in the game, the Cowboys took over on the Giants 48 yard line after a short punt return. They marched down to the Giants 22 yard line with 31 seconds left, still trailing 21-17. On 3rd and 11, with 21 seconds left, Romo lofted a pass into the corner of the end zone that dropped just in front of receiver Patrick Crayton, who had a couple steps on his defender. Replays showed that Crayton hesitated at the top of his route instead of running straight into the end zone, which is where Romo expected him. The pass fell incomplete as a result. Now on 4th down and 11, with just 16 seconds left, Romo heaved a desperation pass into the back of the end zone, into double coverage, which was intercepted by Giants cornerback R.W. McQuarters, effectively ending the game, 21-17 Giants. The 2007 Dallas Cowboy season ended in disappointment, after raising huge hopes with a spectacular 13-3 regular season, the best season for the Cowboys since their last Super Bowl season of 1995. The Giants would go on to shock the undefeated New England Patriots in the Super Bowl.

Question
What team did the Panthers play last week?
Answer(s):
Cowboys
