Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Valley of Fire Road [text] The Valley of Fire Road (also called the Valley of Fire Highway) is a road in northeastern Clark County, Nevada serving the Valley of Fire State Park. The roadway was previously designated State Route 40 (SR 40), and the segment within the state park is currently designated a Nevada Scenic Byway. [title] Valley Stream State Park [text] Valley Stream State Park is a 97 acre state park located in the village of Valley Stream in Nassau County, New York. The park is one of three state parks located in the Town of Hempstead on Long Island. Like Hempstead Lake State Park, Valley Stream State Park originated as a feeder reservoir for the Ridgewood Reservoir. [title] Nevada State Route 169 [text] State Route 169 (SR 169) is a state highway in Clark County, Nevada, United States. It connects the Lake Mead National Recreation Area as well as the communities of Overton, Logandale, and the rest of the Moapa Valley to Interstate 15. While not part of SR 169 proper, the Valley of Fire Road and White Domes Road, within Valley of Fire State Park, connect to this route and are designated as Nevada Scenic Byways. The former, maintained by Clark County west of the park, was formerly signed as part of SR 169, and was earlier State Route 40. It is also called Northshore Road, Moapa Valley Boulevard, Valley of Fire Road, and Logandale Road. [title] Poe Valley State Park [text] Poe Valley State Park is a 620 acre Pennsylvania state park in Penn Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is surrounded by Bald Eagle State Forest. Poe Paddy State Park is 4 mi to the east. The forests of the park surround the 25 acre Poe Lake. Poe Valley State Park is in isolated Poe Valley which lies between Potters Mills on U.S. Route 322 and Millheim on Pennsylvania Route 45. The park was closed during the 2008 and 2009 season while the lake was drained for dam repairs and the park facilities were upgraded. [title] Valley of Fire State Park [text] Valley of Fire State Park is a public recreation and nature preservation area covering nearly 46000 acre located 16 mi south of Overton, Nevada. The state park derives its name from red sandstone formations, the Aztec Sandstone, which formed from shifting sand dunes 150 million years ago. These features, which are the centerpiece of the park's attractions, often appear to be on fire when reflecting the sun's rays. It is Nevada's oldest state park, as commemorated with Nevada Historical Marker #150. It was designated as a National Natural Landmark in 1968. [title] Devil's Den State Park [text] Devil's Den State Park is a 2500 acre Arkansas state park in Washington County, near West Fork, Arkansas in the United States. The park was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps beginning in 1933. Devil's Den State Park is in the Lee Creek Valley in the Boston Mountains which are the southwestern part of The Ozarks. The park, with an 8 acre CCC built lake, is open for year-round recreation, including, hiking, mountain bike and equestrian trails. Devil's Den State Park also has several picnic areas, a swimming pool, cabins and camping site ranging from modern to primitive. Fossils of coral and crinoids can be found along the banks and within Lee Creek at Devil's Den State Park. [title] Terry Wentz [text] Terry Wentz was a Pennsylvania State Parks Manager who served with the state for 34 years at four locations throughout South Central, Pennsylvania including Canoe Creek State Park, Trough Creek State Park, and Warriors Path State Park. He is most noted for his work in progressive management and environmental education. He founded Waxwing Associates, an Eco-tourism company that also provided wildlife management consulting and grant writing services. Terry Wentz is noted for his work with the largest little brown bat colony east of the Mississippi River, which is located in an abandoned church at Canoe Creek State Park. His conservation efforts have also resulted in further protections for the endangered Indiana Bats which reside in Canoe Creek State Park in an abandoned mine. Terry Wentz is noted as one of the founding members of Rails To Trails of Central Pennsylvania. His efforts in acquiring grants for land helped to establish the Lower Trail. He also served time in Vietnam as a Dog Handler for the United States Army assigned to the 1st Cavalry Division. Terry Wentz was also a Past President of the Juniata Valley Audubon Society, and served on the Juniata Valley Audubon Board for over a decade. He helped develop a benefit horse ride trail for Dreams Go On, and organization that provides therapeutic horseback riding sessions to adults and children who are physically challenged, receive mental health, behavioral health or family therapy services. [title] Little Finland [text] Little Finland (also known as "Hobgoblin’s Playground" and "Devil’s Fire") is a scenic red rock area, located in a remote section of Clark County, Nevada south of Mesquite, known for its red rock scenery and strangely-shaped, delicate rock formations. The landscape is similar to Valley of Fire State Park, which is about 20 mi to the west, across Lake Mead. The rock formations are composed of red Navajo Sandstone, fossil sand dunes. Many of the features are small erosional fins, hence the name. [title] Granada Bridge (Ormond Beach) [text] The Granada Bridge is a high-clearance bridge that spans the Halifax River and Intracoastal Waterway, linking the mainland and beach peninsula parts of Ormond Beach, Volusia County, Florida. Granada Bridge carries four lanes of State Road 40 and Granada Blvd. The Casements, along with City Hall Plaza, Fortunato Park, and Riverbridge Park reside at the four corners of Ormond Beach's Granada Bridge, which give their collective name to the annual "Four Corners Festival" in Ormond Beach. [title] Joe Hardy (politician) [text] Joseph "Joe" Paul Hardy (born May 15, 1949) is a Republican member of the Nevada Senate, representing District 12. Hardy was first elected to the Senate in 2010 when, before redistricting and a change in the nomenclature of the districts, he represented Clark County Number 12. His district represents rural areas of southeast Clark County including the communities of Boulder City, Laughlin, Searchlight, Henderson, Overton, Bunkerville, Mesquite, as well as Nellis Air Force Base, Lake Mead, and Valley of Fire State Park. Hardy previously represented Clark County District 20 from 2002 to 2010.

Question
In what state does the Valley of Fire State Park reside?
Answer(s):
Nevada.
