Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] The Lovely Bones [text] The Lovely Bones is a 2002 novel by Alice Sebold. It is the story of a teenage girl who, after being raped and murdered, watches from her personal Heaven as her family and friends struggle to move on with their lives while she comes to terms with her own death. The novel received much critical praise and became an instant bestseller. A film adaptation, directed by Peter Jackson, who personally purchased the rights, was released in 2009. [title] Alice Sebold [text] Alice Sebold (born September 6, 1963) is an American writer. She has published three books: "Lucky" (1999), "The Lovely Bones" (2002), and "The Almost Moon" (2007). [title] The Almost Moon [text] The Almost Moon is the third book and second novel by American writer Alice Sebold, author of her memoir, "Lucky" and "The Lovely Bones." It was released by Little, Brown and Company in the United States on October 16, 2007. [title] Lucky (memoir) [text] Lucky is a 1999 memoir by American novelist Alice Sebold, author of "The Lovely Bones". The memoir describes her experiences of being raped and how the experience shaped the rest of her life. [title] Go Ask Alice [text] Go Ask Alice is a 1971 fiction book about a teenage girl who develops a drug habit at age 15, runs away from home, and eventually dies of a drug overdose. Attributed to "Anonymous", the book is in diary form, and was originally presented as being the edited "real diary" of the unnamed teenage protagonist. Questions about the book's authenticity and true authorship began to arise in the late 1970s, and it is now generally viewed as a work of fiction written by Beatrice Sparks, a therapist and author who went on to write numerous other books purporting to be real diaries of troubled teenagers. Some sources have also named Linda Glovach as a co-author of the book. [title] Need (novel series) [text] Need is a series of young adult urban fantasy novels by American author Carrie Jones, beginning with the inaugural entry of the same name. The focus of the story is a teenage girl named Zara, who joins a struggle against a society of malicious pixies. As the books progress, Zara encounters a series of personal challenges, and bonds with new friends and romantic interests. [title] Oru Abhibhashakante Case Diary [text] Oru Abhibhashakante Case Diary is a 1995 Malayalam movie about a lawyer who seeks justice for a teenage girl who was raped and murdered. [title] Skulduggery Pleasant [text] Skulduggery Pleasant is a series of fantasy novels written by Irish author Derek Landy. The books revolve around the adventures of the skeleton detective, Skulduggery Pleasant, and a teenage girl, Stephanie Edgley/Valkyrie Cain, along with other friends. The central story arc concerns Valkyrie's struggle to stop evil forces threatening the world, finally find justice for her late uncle's death, and her internal struggle of keeping the darkness within her to stay within. [title] The Lovely Bones (film) [text] The Lovely Bones is a 2009 supernatural drama film directed by Peter Jackson and starring Mark Wahlberg, Rachel Weisz, Susan Sarandon, Stanley Tucci, Michael Imperioli, and Saoirse Ronan. The screenplay by Fran Walsh, Philippa Boyens and Jackson was based on the award-winning and bestselling 2002 novel of the same name by Alice Sebold. It follows a girl who is murdered and watches over her family from Heaven, and is torn between seeking vengeance on her killer and allowing her family to heal. An international co-production between the United States, the United Kingdom, and New Zealand, the film was produced by Carolynne Cunningham, Walsh, Jackson, and Aimee Peyronnet, with Steven Spielberg, Tessa Ross, Ken Kamins, and James Wilson as executive producers. Principal photography began in October 2007 in New Zealand and Pennsylvania, United States. The film's score was composed by Brian Eno. [title] Anna Green Winslow [text] Anna Green Winslow (November 29, 1759 – July 19, 1780), a member of the prominent Winslow family of Boston, Massachusetts, United States, was a girl who wrote a series of letters to her mother between 1771 and 1773 that portray the daily life of the gentry in Boston at the first stirrings of the American Revolution. She made copies of the letters into an eight-by-six-and-a-half-inch book ( ) in order to improve her penmanship, making the accounts a sort of diary as well. This diary, edited by 19th-century American historian and author Alice Morse Earle, was published in 1894 under the title "Diary of Anna Green Winslow, A Boston School Girl of 1771", and has never gone out of print. It provides a rare window into the life of an affluent teenage girl in colonial Boston.

Question
Alice Sebold, published the book Lucky in 1999, the book The Almost Moon in 2007, and a story of a teenage girl who, after being raped and murdered, watches from her personal Heaven as her family and friends struggle to move on with their lives while she comes to terms with her own death, in what year?
Answer(s):
2002
