Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Leckie Mine [text] Leckie Mine, also known as Penrose Mine and Little Dan Mine, is an abandoned gold producing underground mine in Northeastern Ontario, Canada, located on the eastern shore of Arsenic Lake 4 km north of the town of Temagami. It is entirely owned by Temagami Gold Inc. An estimated 483,500 tonnes of ore remain in the mine, which could contain 102,720 ounces of gold. [title] Kiruna Mine [text] The Kiruna mine is the largest and most modern underground iron ore mine in the world. The mine is located in Kiruna in Norrbotten County, Lapland. The mine which is owned by Luossavaara-Kiirunavaara AB, a large Swedish mining company, has an annual production capacity of over 26 million tonnes of iron ore. In 2008 the mine produced 27.5 million tonnes of iron ore. The Kiruna mine has an ore body which is 4 km long, 80 m to 120 m thick and reaching a depth of up to 2 km . Since mining began at the site in 1898, the mine has produced over 950 million tonnes of ore. [title] Kemess Creek Airport [text] Kemess Creek Airport, (TC LID: CBQ7) , is located near Kemess Mine, British Columbia, Canada. [title] Kivimaa mine [text] Kivimaa mine was gold and copper mine active during the years 1969-1970 in Tervola at Sivakkajoki. During this time 18 587 tonnes of ore were extracted which contained 2.0 grams of gold per tonne. The concentration of copper in the ore was 1,20%. Outokumpu Ltd. , which owned the mine, mined the quartz-carbonate veins with highest concentration of gold and copper. The ore from the mine was transported to the mine of Vihanti to be enriched. The mining ended on the 12th of December 1969. The buildings at the mine were taken down in the summer of 1974. [title] Malmberget mine [text] The Malmberget mine (Swedish: "Malmbergsgruvan") is one of the largest iron ore mines in Sweden. The mine is located in Malmberget in Norrbotten County, Lapland. The mine which is owned by Luossavaara-Kiirunavaara AB (LKAB) has an annual production capacity of over 5 million tonnes of iron ore. The mine has reserves amounting to 350 million tonnes of ore grading 43.8% iron thus resulting 153.3 million tonnes of iron. In 2009 the mine produced 4.3 million tonnes of iron. It is one of the largest underground mines for iron ore in the world. [title] Copperfields Mine [text] Copperfields Mine, originally known as Temagami Mine, is an abandoned copper and silver mine on Temagami Island in Lake Temagami, Ontario, Canada. The mine opened in 1955 and comprises both underground and surface workings within a sulfide ore body. Situated in Phyllis Township, the mine produced 34,000,000 dollars Canadian with 80 million pounds of copper, 230,028 ounces of silver and 13,271 ounces of gold. It was considered to be the largest deposit of nearly pure chalcopyrite ever discovered in Canada. A mill was not initially needed because the ore was 28% copper. The mine closed in 1972 and is now flooded by water. Ruins of the Copperfields mill are present as foundations. It is possible to find mineral specimens in the spoil heaps of the old mine, such as chalcopyrite, pyrite, bornite, malachite, dolomite, hessite, merenskyite, millerite, palladium, quartz and others. The Lake Temagami Access Road was created to ship ore from the mine site. [title] Kemess Mine [text] The Kemess Mine was an open-pit copper and gold mine, located just northeast of the foot of Thutade Lake, at the head of the Finlay River, in the Omineca Mountains of the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada. It was operated by Royal Oak Mines from 1998 to 1999, when it was bought by Northgate Minerals. Northgate operated the mine until its closure in 2011; that year Northgate was taken over by AuRico Gold. In 2014 AuRico Gold partitioned off its portion of kemess Mine ownership creating a new company called AuRico Metals. AuRico Metals is actively implementing permits for a block caving mine. [title] Ferris-Haggarty Mine Site [text] The Ferris-Haggerty Mine Site was one of the richest components of the Grand Encampment Mining District in Carbon County, Wyoming. The site was first exploited by Ed Haggerty, a prospector from Whitehaven, England, in 1897 when he established the Rudefeha Mine on a rich deposit of copper ore. Haggerty was backed by George Ferris and other investors, of whom all but Ferris dropped out. The partners sold an interest to Willis George Emerson, who raised investment funding for improvements to the mine. These facilities included a 16 mi aerial tramway from Grand Encampment over the Continental Divide to the in Encampment. The mine's assets were eventually acquired by the North American Copper Company for $1 million. By 1904 the mine had produced $1.4 million in copper ore, and was sold to the Penn-Wyoming Copper Company. However, even with copper prices peaking in 1907, the company had difficulty making a profit from the remote mine site. The company was over-capitalized and under-insured and was suffered devastating fires at the mine site in March 1906 and May 1907 which halted production. Business disputes and a fall in copper prices prevented re-opening of the mine even after it was rebuilt. Machinery was salvaged after a foreclosure in 1913. A total of $2 million in copper ore was extracted from the mine during its life. [title] Cascadero Falls [text] Cascadero Falls is a waterfall on the Finlay River in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located just below that river's head at the outlet of Thutade Lake. The height of the falls is 180 ft and below it there are numerous cascades or rapids in a twisting course prior to the river's general northeastward trend from this area. The falls are slated for hydroelectric development in connection with the area's mines, the largest of which is the Kemess Mine owned by Northgate Minerals Inc., located just east of the foot of Thutade Lake in the valley of Kemess Creek. [title] Thutade Lake [text] Thutade Lake is located in the Omineca Mountains of the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada. About 40 km in length, and no more than about 2 km wide, the lake is primarily significant as the ultimate source of the Mackenzie River. The lake is at the head of the Finlay River, which joins the Peace River via Williston Lake. The area is very remote, being located about 260 km north of Smithers, although several mining operations for ores containing copper, lead, zinc and silver have occurred around the lake. The largest of these is the Kemess Mine, an iron and copper property originally owned by Royal Oak Mines and now by Northgate Minerals, located in the valley of Kemess Creek, which is off the northeast end of Thutade Lake. The mine is accessed by the Omineca Resource Road and other resource routes, and is 400 km by road from Prince George. Just downstream from the outlet of Thutade Lake, the Finlay plunges over 180 ft Cascadero Falls, and then through a series of cataracts in a twisting course until it begins its main northeastward trend. Cascadero Falls is slated for hydroelectric development in connection with the power needs of the area's mines.

Question
Which ore did the Kemess Mine have that the Leckie Mine did not.
Answer(s):
copper
