Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Zeeshan Zaidi [text] Zeeshan Hussain Zaidi (born August 26, 1974) is an American rock musician, multi-instrumentalist, and singer-songwriter living in New York City, USA. He is also an internet entrepreneur. He is the lead vocalist, songwriter, guitarist, and founder of The Commuters, an alternative rock band. He is the co-founder and President of Host Committee, Inc., a social media-based nightlife and event production service. Zaidi held executive positions at Sony BMG Music Entertainment, RCA Music Group and Arista Records before he joined LimeWire as Chief Operating Officer. Zaidi is also a member of the New York State Bar Association and is involved in public policy and international affairs as a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. [title] The Commuters [text] The Commuters are an American alternative rock band from Manhattan, New York. The group was formed in 2010 by singer, songwriter and musician Zeeshan Zaidi. The band released their first full length album "Rescue" on April 17, 2012 on the Communal Records label. [title] The Best of Elvis Costello: The First 10 Years [text] The Best of Elvis Costello: The First 10 Years is a compilation album by Elvis Costello released in 2007, consisting of songs taken from the early years of his discography, compiled by Costello himself. [title] Out of Our Idiot [text] Out of Our Idiot is a 1987 compilation album of then rare and unreleased recordings dating back to 1979 by Elvis Costello, which was released in the UK on Demon Records. It was only available as an import in the USA and other markets. The album was credited to "Various Artists" rather than to Costello because the tracks were recorded and credited under a variety of names, including The Costello Show, Elvis Costello and the Attractions, Elvis Costello and the Confederates, The Coward Brothers, Napoleon Dynamite, The Emotional Toothpaste and The MacManus Gang, and with a variety of collaborators, including Jimmy Cliff, Nick Lowe and T-Bone Burnett. [title] G.B.H. (soundtrack) [text] G.B.H. is a 1991 soundtrack album by Elvis Costello and Richard Harvey, the first of two collaborations Costello would do with Harvey. " G.B.H" was a seven-part Channel 4 series first aired in the U.K. in 1991. Despite the participation of Elvis Costello, the music is not rock, which was a surprise to critics at the time it was first released. [title] King of America [text] King of America is the tenth studio album by the British rock singer and songwriter Elvis Costello, released in 1986 in the United Kingdom as F-Beat ZL 70946, and in the United States as Columbia JC 40173. It was billed as by "The Costello Show featuring the Attractions and Confederates" in the UK and Europe and "The Costello Show featuring Elvis Costello" in North America. It peaked at #11 on the UK album chart, and at #39 on the "Billboard" 200. [title] Get Happy!! (Elvis Costello album) [text] Get Happy!! is a studio album by Elvis Costello and the Attractions. The fourth album by Elvis Costello, his third with the Attractions, it is notable for being a dramatic break in tone from Costello's three previous albums, and for being heavily influenced by R&B, ska and soul music. The cover art was intentionally designed to have a "retro" feel, to look like the cover of an old LP with ring wear on both front and back. [title] 2½ Years [text] 2½ Years is a 1993 box set by Elvis Costello. The Rykodisc (US) and Demon Records (UK and Europe) Costello reissues (1993–1995) would ultimately include his eleven studio albums (each with bonus tracks) released from 1977 to 1991 on Columbia (in the US) and Stiff Records, Radar Records, F-Beat Records and Demon Records (for the rest of the world) plus a reissue of the G.B.H. soundtrack, the Live at the El Mocambo album and The Very Best of Elvis Costello and The Attractions 1977-86, a greatest hits collection. [title] Almost Blue (song) [text] "Almost Blue" is a song recorded by English group Elvis Costello and the Attractions from their sixth studio album, "Imperial Bedroom" (1982). Written by Costello and produced by Geoff Emerick, the track shares the name of the group's previous 1981 studio album. It was released on 2 July 1982 along with the rest of "Imperial Bedroom", and would later be included on side two of "The Best of Elvis Costello and the Attractions" (1985). A traditional pop song, "Almost Blue" contains lyrics that compare a former relationship to a present one. [title] Elvis Costello [text] Declan Patrick MacManus (born 25 August 1954), better known by his stage name Elvis Costello, is an English musician, singer-songwriter, and record producer. He began his career as part of London's pub rock scene in the early 1970s and later became associated with the first wave of the British punk and new wave movement that emerged in the mid-to-late 1970s. His critically acclaimed debut album, "My Aim Is True", was released in 1977. Shortly after recording it, he formed the Attractions as his backing band. His second album, "This Year's Model", was released in 1978, and was ranked number 11 by "Rolling Stone" on its list of the best albums from 1967–1987. His third album, "Armed Forces", was released in 1979, and features his highest-charting single "Oliver's Army" (number 2 in the UK). His first three albums all appeared on "Rolling Stone"' s list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.

Question
who is the eldest,Elvis Costello or Zeeshan Zaidi?
Answer(s):
Elvis Costello
