Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Kiss Me in the Car [text] "Kiss Me in the Car" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist John Berry. It was released in September 1993 as the second single from the album "John Berry". The song reached #22 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was written by Berry and Chris Waters. [title] What's in It for Me [text] "What's in It for Me" is a song written by Gary Burr and John Jarrard, and recorded by American country music artist John Berry. It was released in June 1994 as the fourth single from the album "John Berry". The song reached number 5 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and peaked at number 2 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart. [title] John Berry (film director) [text] John Berry (September 6, 1917 – November 29, 1999) was an American film director, who went into self-exile in France when his career was interrupted by the Hollywood blacklist. [title] Bretaigne Windust [text] Ernest Bretaigne Windust (January 20, 1906 – March 19, 1960) was a US-based French-born theater, film, and television director. [title] Winter Meeting [text] Winter Meeting is a 1948 American drama film directed by Bretaigne Windust, written by Catherine Turney from the novel of the same title by Grace Zaring Stone (under the pseudonym Ethel Vance), and starring Bette Davis with Jim Davis. [title] The Enforcer (1951 film) [text] The Enforcer (aka Murder, Inc.) is an American 1951 black-and-white film noir co-directed by Bretaigne Windust and an uncredited Raoul Walsh, who shot most of the film's suspenseful moments, including the ending. The production, largely a police procedural, features Humphrey Bogart and is based on the Murder, Inc. trials. [title] University Players [text] The University Players was primarily a summer stock theater company located in West Falmouth, Cape Cod, Massachusetts, from 1928 to 1932. It was formed in 1928 by eighteen college undergraduates. Notable among them were Eleanor Phelps of Vassar, two undergraduates at Princeton, Bretaigne Windust and Erik Barnouw, and several undergraduates at Harvard, Charles Crane Leatherbee (grandson of American diplomat and philanthropist Charles Richard Crane), Kent Smith, Kingsley Perry, Bartlett Quigley (father of American actress Jane Alexander), and John Swope (son of GE President Gerard Swope and later Hollywood and Life Magazine photographer and husband of actress Dorothy McGuire). Several others of its members who had their first professional experiences with the University Players went on to achieve fame in the theater and film industry, including Joshua Logan, James Stewart, Henry Fonda, Margaret Sullavan, Mildred Natwick, Aleta Freel, Barbara O'Neil, Myron McCormick, Charles Arnt, Karl Swenson, Kent Smith, Norris Houghton, Frieda Altman, Elsie Schauffler, and Philip Faversham. [title] Perfect Strangers (1950 film) [text] Perfect Strangers is a 1950 American comedy-drama directed by Bretaigne Windust. The screenplay for the Warner Bros. release by Edith Sommer was based on an adaptation of the 1939 Ben Hecht-Charles MacArthur play "Ladies and Gentlemen" by George Oppenheimer. This 1939 play was based on an earlier Hungarian play, "Twelve in a Box" written by Lazlo Bush-Fekete. [title] June Bride [text] June Bride is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Bretaigne Windust. Ranald MacDougall's screenplay, based on the unproduced play "Feature for June" by Eileen Tighe and Graeme Lorimer, was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Written American Comedy. The film starred Bette Davis and Robert Montgomery. The Warner Bros. release marked the screen debut of Debbie Reynolds, although her appearance was uncredited. [title] The Pied Piper of Hamelin (1957 film) [text] The Pied Piper of Hamelin is an American ninety-minute musical film in color, originally made as a television special and first shown by NBC on Tuesday, November 26, 1957, as one of their Thanksgiving Week offerings for that year. It preempted that evening's telecasts of "The Nat King Cole Show" and "The Eddie Fisher Show". Based on the famous poem of the same name by Robert Browning and using the music of Edvard Grieg arranged by Pete King with special lyrics by Hal Stanley and Irving Taylor, it starred Van Johnson, Claude Rains (in his only singing and dancing role), Lori Nelson, Jim Backus, and Kay Starr. It was directed by Broadway veteran Bretaigne Windust. In a direct nod to Browning's poem, nearly all of the dialogue in "The Pied Piper of Hamelin" was written in rhyme, much of it directly lifted from the poem.

Question
Did John Berry and Bretaigne Windust both get blacklisted?
Answer(s):
no
