Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Death of Kim Wall [text] On the night of 10–11 August 2017, Swedish freelance journalist Kim Wall disappeared while on board the "UC3 Nautilus", a privately-built midget submarine owned by Danish inventor Peter Madsen, in the bay of Køge, Denmark. The submarine sank under suspicious circumstances on the morning of 11 August; Madsen was rescued afterwards. Ten days later, Wall's headless and dismembered torso was found washed up on a beach in the south west of Amager. Madsen was charged with negligent manslaughter in Wall's death. [title] Protection Island (Washington) [text] Protection Island is an island located in the Strait of Juan de Fuca just north of Discovery Bay in northeastern Jefferson County, Washington, United States. The island has a land area of 1.534 km (379.11 acres). It is a federally protected National Wildlife Refuge; boats are not permitted within 200 yards (183 m) for the safety and health of wildlife on and near the shores. There is only one individual still living on the island not associated with the government, an inholder named Marty Bluewater who has lifetime use of his cabin on the island's southern bluffs. The island also houses a caretaker, a volunteer hired by the Fish and Wildlife department to watch over the island, and take care of its many inhabitants [title] Oh Canada (song) [text] "Oh Canada" is a song by Australian singer-songwriter, Missy Higgins, inspired by Alan Kurdi, a drowned Syrian boy whose body washed up on a Turkish beach in September 2015. The track was released on 19 February 2016 with 100% of net profits from the song to the Asylum Seeker Resource Centre. [title] Amager [text] Amager (] or, especially among older speakers, ] ) in the Øresund is Denmark's most densely populated island with almost 200,000 inhabitants on the small appendix to Zealand. The protected natural area of "Naturpark Amager" (including Kalvebod Fælled) makes up more than one-third of the island's total area of 96 km. [title] Al-Yarmouk SC (Kuwait) [text] Al-Yarmouk is a Kuwaiti professional sports club located in the district of Mishref. It was established on 28 February 1965 in Failaka Island and was the only Kuwaiti club to have been established outside mainland Kuwait at that time. The club was relocated to mainland Kuwait after the 1990–1991 Gulf War, which resulted in the displacement of many inhabitants belonging to Failaka's island settlements. Therefore, due to inadequate facilities after the liberation of Kuwait, it was inevitable that the team had to move to a better and more sustainable location. Other reasons, aside the Gulf War, for the relocation of the club was due to the insufficient means of transportation for teams and players to travel to Failaka Island for away matches during the regular season. [title] Ghayathi [text] Ghayathi with 14022 inhabitants (2005 census) is a town in the Al Gharbia region in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi. Originally a bedouin settlement, today many inhabitants work in agriculture. [title] Krakau, Saxony [text] Krakau (German) or Krakow (Sorbian) was a small town in what is now the district of Bautzen in Saxony, Germany. It was located within the Sorbian area, where many inhabitants traditionally speak the West Slavic Sorbian language, and it shared its name with the much larger Polish city. The town was entirely vacated in 1938 when the area became a military training area. After the war, the town was briefly repopulated, before the Soviet occupation troops again evicted the inhabitants to resume use of the area for military purposes. The town was destroyed. [title] Almoharín [text] Almoharín is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2005 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 2050 inhabitants. The village is primarily concerned with agriculture with many inhabitants having fincas of olives and figs. Almoharin is known as the 'Fig Capital of the World' on account of these figs; black and smooth-textured. Both dried figs and chocolate figs are exported worldwide. The village also boasts a cheese-making workshop where you can make your own cheese - after milking the sheep. There is an accompanying exhibition of the history of sheep and cheese-making in the area. [title] Avedøre [text] Avedøre is a south-western suburb of Copenhagen located in Hvidovre Municipality. The city is mostly made up of concrete blocks and row-housing, but some people residing in Avedøre live in detached single-family houses with gardens. One major high-rise block called "Store Hus" (lit. English: Grand House) dominates the suburb's skyline. The city has a relatively high rate of crime and many inhabitants are unemployed. Approximately 16,000 persons live in Avedøre, and approx. 60% of the inhabitants is either immigrant or born by immigrants, mainly from Iraq, Palestine, Lebanon, Spain and Turkey. Prior to 1 April 1974, Avedøre was illogically part of Glostrup Municipality, which it does not border but is separated from, but it was combined with neighboring Hvidovre Municipality from that date. From the Avedøre railway station, the S-train line A runs to Copenhagen city center. Arriving at Copenhagen Central Station takes approximately 15 minutes with the A line train from Avedøre. [title] Wildlife of Botswana [text] The wildlife of Botswana refers to the flora and fauna of Botswana. Botswana is around 90% covered in savanna, varying from shrub savanna in the southwest in the dry areas to tree savanna consisting of trees and grass in the wetter areas. Even under the hot conditions of the Kalahari Desert, many different species survive; in fact the country has more than 2500 species of plants and 650 species of trees. Vegetation and its wild fruits are also extremely important to rural populations living in the desert and are the principal source of food, fuel and medicine for many inhabitants.

Question
Kim Wall's body washed up on the beach of an island with how many inhabitants ?
Answer(s):
almost 200,000 inhabitants
