Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Greatest Hits (The Who album) [text] Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by British rock band The Who that was released on 21 December 2009. The album was also re-released as Greatest Hits & More several weeks after the initial release, which featured a second disc of live songs culled from "Greatest Hits Live". [title] Ultimate LA Guns [text] Ultimate L.A. Guns is a greatest hits album by L.A. Guns, a hard rock band from Los Angeles, California that came to prominence in the 1980s. Much like the band's earlier "compilation" "Greatest Hits and Black Beauties", this compilation consists of re-recorded versions of the band's hits, not the original versions. The tracks featured on this album consist of recordings previously featured on "Greatest Hits and Black Beauties", other re-recorded songs not featured on the previous album, and live tracks. [title] The Essential Mariah Carey [text] The Essential Mariah Carey is the third greatest hits album by American singer Mariah Carey. The album was released in June 2011 in the UK and Ireland as a repackage of her previous album "Greatest Hits". In the US, it was released on September 3, 2011 as an entirely new greatest hits album as part of Sony's The Essential series, and contains songs released during Mariah's time at Columbia Records. It replaces some songs (featured on the original 2001 "Greatest Hits" release) with their extended club mixes, and others being completely removed in favor of tracks that had not been released as singles. Much of the artwork inside the album booklet is very similar to that of the "Greatest Hits" release. [title] Greatest Hits (Mariah Carey album) [text] Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey, released in the United States on December 4, 2001 by Columbia Records. It is a greatest hits double album: CD 1 is primarily a collection of Carey's hits from 1990 to 1995, while CD 2 is primarily a collection of hits from 1996 to 2000. In 2011, the album was re-issued outside the US with the same track listing, under the title of "The Essential Mariah Carey". In 2012, "The Essential Mariah Carey" was released in North America with a slightly different track listing, replacing some hits with their extended club mixes, and others being completely removed in favor of tracks that had not been released as singles. Much of the artwork inside the album booklet is very similar to that of the "Greatest Hits" release. [title] The Platinum Collection (Queen album) [text] The Platinum Collection: Greatest Hits I, II & III is a box set by British rock band Queen which comprises their three greatest hits albums, "Greatest Hits", "Greatest Hits II" and "Greatest Hits III". The album was originally released on 13 November 2000 on the Parlophone label. A booklet with song facts and images is also included with the three CD set. The album's US release was delayed by Hollywood Records until September 2002 and featured the 2001 Japanese release remastered versions of "Greatest Hits Volumes 1" and "2" on the US and Canadian versions of "The Platinum Collection". [title] The Best Hits (Enrique Iglesias album) [text] The Best Hits is the second greatest hits album, and seventh overall release, from pop singer Enrique Iglesias. The album was released by Fonovisa after Iglesias had left them, and is the second of three compilation releases made available following his departure. The collection includes a number of album tracks and popular singles, although due to the release of "Bailamos Greatest Hits" a few months prior, failed to sell highly in the United States or Latin America. Unlike its predecessor, the album contains more singles than album tracks, and could be seen as more of a greatest hits than "Bailamos Greatest Hits". The album was certified gold in u.s for sales of 500,000 copies. [title] Whitney: The Greatest Hits [text] Whitney: The Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American singer Whitney Houston, released in May 2000. The set consists of disc one with ballads and disc two with uptempo numbers and remixes. Houston's performance of "The Star-Spangled Banner" at Super Bowl XXV, and 1988 Olympics tribute "One Moment in Time" are also included in the set. The collection includes four new songs—"Could I Have This Kiss Forever", duet with Enrique Iglesias, "If I Told You That", duet with George Michael, "Same Script, Different Cast", duet with Deborah Cox and "Fine"—all of which were released as singles. It also includes three other songs that had never appeared on a Houston album: "One Moment in Time", "The Star Spangled Banner", and "If You Say My Eyes Are Beautiful", a duet with Jermaine Jackson from his 1986 "Precious Moments" album. Along with the album, an accompanying VHS and DVD was released featuring the music videos to Houston's greatest hits, as well as several hard-to-find live performances including her 1983 debut on "The Merv Griffin Show", and interviews. [title] Dance Again... the Hits [text] Dance Again... the Hits is the first greatest hits album of American singer Jennifer Lopez. It was released on July 20, 2012, by Epic Records, to coincide with the launch of her first world tour, the Dance Again World Tour. Lopez previously conceived plans for a greatest hits album in 2009, but instead opted to use the material recorded for her seventh studio album, "Love? ", which was released by Island Records in May 2011 after her departure from Epic Records in 2010. As Lopez owed the label one last album to fulfill her contract, she began work on a new greatest hits album in November 2011. She later became unsure whether she wanted to go along with plans to release a greatest hits album or a new studio album, eventually deciding on the former. [title] Greatest Hits (Westlife album) [text] Greatest Hits is the second greatest hits album and final release by Irish boy band Westlife. It was released on 18 November 2011 by RCA Records and Sony Music. "Greatest Hits" is the group's second greatest hits album following "" (2002). The album is the group's first album not under Syco Music and not under the tutelage of Simon Cowell, having left Syco and Cowell in March 2011. The greatest hits album contains numerous singles that span throughout the band's career, as well as four new songs produced by John Shanks, which includes the lead single "Lighthouse", which was released on 14 November 2011. The compilation was released in two different formats, a standard edition containing the album's eighteen tracks, and a deluxe edition featuring numerous other singles of the band's discography, as well as a DVD containing almost all of the band's music videos. [title] George Michael [text] Georgios Kyriacos Panayiotou (25 June 1963 – 25 December 2016), known professionally as George Michael, was an English singer, songwriter, record producer, and philanthropist who rose to fame as a member of the music duo Wham! He was best known for his work in the 1980s and 1990s, including hit singles such as "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go" and "Last Christmas", and albums such as "Faith" (1987) and "Listen Without Prejudice Vol. 1" (1990).

Question
What English songwriter once featured in the album "Whitney: The Greatest Hits"?
Answer(s):
George Michael
