Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] RM Films International [text] RM Films International is a film distribution company based in Hollywood, California. It was started by filmmaker Russ Meyer to distribute his movies. Since Meyer’s death in 2004, RM Films International has been owned and operated by the Russ Meyer Charitable Trust and is a recognized 501(c) private foundation. [title] Common Law Cabin [text] Common Law Cabin (original title "How Much Lovin' Does a Normal Couple Need?") is a 1967 exploitation film directed by Russ Meyer. The movie features Alaina Capri and Meyer regulars Babette Bardot and Jack Moran. It was co-written by Russ Meyer and Jack Moran, and filmed on location on the Colorado River in Arizona. Other portions of the film were shot in the Coachella Valley, California. [title] Russ Meyer [text] Russell Albion "Russ" Meyer (March 21, 1922 – September 18, 2004) was an American film director, producer, screenwriter, cinematographer, film editor, actor, and photographer. Meyer is known primarily for writing and directing a series of successful sexploitation films that featured campy humor, sly satire and large-breasted women, such as "Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill! " [title] True Friends (film) [text] True Friends (Russian: "Верные друзья") is a 1954 dramatic comedy film directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. [title] Sergey Urusevsky [text] Sergey Pavlovich Urusevsky (Russian: Серге́й Павлович Урусевский ) (23 December 1908, Saint Petersburg, Russian Empire - 12 November 1974, Moscow, Soviet Union) was a Soviet cinematographer and film director, renowned for his work with Grigori Chukhrai, Mikhail Kalatozov and Yuli Raizman. [title] Mikhail Kalatozov [text] Mikhail Konstantinovich Kalatozov (Georgian: მიხეილ კალატოზიშვილი , Russian: Михаи́л Константи́нович Калато́зов ) (28 December 1903 — 27 March 1973), born Mikheil Kalatozishvili, was a Soviet film director of Georgian origin who contributed to both Georgian and Russian cinema. People's Artist of the USSR (1969). His movie "The Cranes Are Flying" won several international awards, including Palme d'Or at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival. [title] Letter Never Sent (film) [text] Letter Never Sent (Russian: Неотправленное письмо , translit. "Neotpravlennoye pismo", sometimes translated as The Unsent Letter or The Unmailed Letter) is a 1960 Soviet adventure drama film directed by Mikhail Kalatozov and starring Tatyana Samojlova. It was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival, but was withdrawn just before the screening on May 17; according to the Soviet representatives, the film was "unfinished" (as a matter of fact, Kalatozov wanted to re-shoot some sequences before the premiere in Russia). [title] I Am Cuba [text] I Am Cuba (Spanish: Soy Cuba ; Russian: Я Куба , "Ya Kuba)" is a 1964 Soviet-Cuban film directed by Mikhail Kalatozov at Mosfilm. The film was not received well by either the Russian or Cuban public and was almost completely forgotten until it was re-discovered by filmmakers in the United States thirty years later. The acrobatic tracking shots and idiosyncratic mise en scene prompted Hollywood directors like Martin Scorsese to begin a campaign to restore the film in the early 1990s. [title] Mikheil Kalatozishvili (born 1959) [text] Mikheil Kalatozishvili (Georgian: მიხეილ კალატოზიშვილი ; Russian: Михаил Георгиевич Калатозишвили ; 19 May 1959 – 12 October 2009) was a Georgian-Russian film director, producer, and screenwriter active since the early 1980s. His grandfather was the world famous Soviet filmmaker of the same name, often known as Mikhail Kalatozov. Like his father, Kalatozishvili was born in Tbilisi and died in Moscow. His 1991 film "The Beloved" was entered into the 42nd Berlin International Film Festival. Like his grandfather, Kalatozishvili died of a heart attack. [title] Salt for Svanetia [text] Salt for Svanetia (Georgian: მარილი სვანეთს , Russian: Соль Сванетии ) is a 1930 SovietGeorgian silent documentary film directed by Mikhail Kalatozov. As one of the earliest ethnographic films, it documents the life of the Svan people in the isolated mountain village of Ushguli in Svanetia, in the northwestern part of the Georgian Soviet Republic. Containing some propaganda, the climax of the film shows how a Soviet built road connects the previously isolated mountain village to Soviet civilisation. Many of the scenes of the film were staged, and the authenticity of some scenes has been disputed by the Svan people.

Question
Are both Mikhail Kalatozov and Russ Meyer Russian?
Answer(s):
no
