Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Philip of Opus [text] Philip (or Philippus) of Opus (Greek: Φίλιππος Ὀπούντιος ), was a philosopher and a member of the Academy during Plato's lifetime. Philip was the editor of Plato's Laws. Philip of Opus is probably identical with the Philip of Medma (or Mende), the astronomer, who is also described as a disciple of Plato. [title] Alfred La Liberté [text] Alfred La Liberté (10 February 1882 – 7 May 1952) was a Canadian composer, pianist, writer on music, and music educator. He was a disciple and close personal friend of Alexander Scriabin. He was also an admirer of Marcel Dupré and Nikolai Medtner. Dupré notably dedicated his "Variations, Opus 22" for piano to him and Medtner dedicated his "Sonata minacciosa, Opus 53 no. 2" and his song "The Captive, Opus 52 no. 7" to La Liberté. Most of his own compositions remain unfinished. He also contributed articles to "Le Passe-Temps", including one on Scriabin in May 1946. [title] Juniper Springs, Nevada [text] Juniper Springs (also called Juniper) is a former mining camp in Nye County, Nevada, that was inhabited in 1910. The mining camp was founded in the summer of 1910 on the location where N. E. Dyer had found ore. The camp was founded close to the competing camp Athens. Juniper Springs was owned by Dyer, who gave away free lots. In Athens, lots were sold for $50 and $75. The Juniper Lodging House and a store, that was owned by Guy Eckley, were the first businesses to open in Juniper Springs. On July 9, 1910, the Athens Mining District, that comprised Juniper Springs and Athens, was organized at a meeting with over fifty attendees. Juniper Springs and Athens merged in 1910 and the newly created mining camp was given the name Athens. Athens was populated until 1939. [title] Aristotle [text] Aristotle ( ; Greek: Ἀριστοτέλης , , "Aristotélēs"; 384–322 BC) was an ancient Greek philosopher and scientist born in the city of Stagira, Chalkidice, on the northern periphery of Classical Greece. His father, Nicomachus, died when Aristotle was a child, whereafter Proxenus of Atarneus became his guardian. At seventeen or eighteen years of age, he joined Plato's Academy in Athens and remained there until the age of thirty-seven (c. 347 BC). His writings cover many subjects – including physics, biology, zoology, metaphysics, logic, ethics, aesthetics, poetry, theater, music, rhetoric, linguistics, politics and government – and constitute the first comprehensive system of Western philosophy. Shortly after Plato died, Aristotle left Athens and, at the request of Philip II of Macedon, tutored Alexander the Great beginning in 343 BC. [title] Charmadas [text] Charmadas (Greek: Χαρμάδας ; or Charmides (Χαρμίδης); 168/7 – 103/91 BC ) was an Academic philosopher and a disciple of Carneades at the Academy in Athens. He was a pupil of Carneades for seven years (145-138) and later he led his own school in the Ptolemaion, a gymnasium in Athens. He seems to have spent some time in Alexandria, before he went to Athens around 145 B.C. He was an excellent rhetorician and famous for his outstanding memory. Like Philo of Larissa he seems to have pursued a more moderate scepticism. Lucius Licinius Crassus and Marcus Antonius (orator) were his most prominent pupils. Furthermore, Philodemus preserverd us the names of other pupils: Diodorus of Adramyttion, Apollodor of Tarsus, Heliodorus of Mallos, Phanostratus of Tralles and a certain Apollonius. [title] Diodorus of Tyre [text] Diodorus of Tyre (Greek: Διόδωρος ), was a Peripatetic philosopher, and a disciple and follower of Critolaus, whom he succeeded as the head of the Peripatetic school at Athens c. 118 BC. He was still alive and active there in 110 BC, when Licinius Crassus, during his quaestorship of Macedonia, visited Athens. Cicero denies that he was a genuine Peripatetic, because it was one of his ethical maxims, that the greatest good consisted in a combination of virtue with the absence of pain, whereby a reconciliation between the Stoics and Epicureans was attempted. [title] Fifth-century Athens [text] Fifth-century Athens is the Greek city-state of Athens in the time from 480 BC-404 BC. This was a period of Athenian political hegemony, economic growth and cultural flourishing formerly known as the Golden Age of Athens with the later part The Age of Pericles. The period began in 478 BC after defeat of the Persian invasion, when an Athenian-led coalition of city-states, known as the Delian League, confronted the Persians to keep the liberated Asian Greek cities free. After peace was made with Persia in the mid 5th century BCE, what started as an alliance of independent city-states became an Athenian empire when Athens abandoned the pretense of parity among its allies and relocated the Delian League treasury from Delos to Athens, where it funded the building of the Athenian Acropolis and put half its population on the public payroll and maintained dominating naval power in the Greek world. With the empire's funds, military dominance and its political fortunes guided by statesman and orator Pericles, Athens produced some of the most influential and enduring cultural artifacts of the Western tradition. The playwrights Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides all lived and worked in 5th century BCE Athens, as did the historians Herodotus and Thucydides, the physician Hippocrates, and the philosopher Socrates. Athens' patron goddess was Athena, from whom they derived the name. [title] Philiscus of Aegina [text] Philiscus of Aegina (Ancient Greek: Φιλίσκος Αἰγινήτης ; 4th century BC) was a Cynic philosopher from Aegina who lived in the latter half of the 4th century BC. He was the son of Onesicritus who sent Philiscus and his younger brother, Androsthenes, to Athens where they were so charmed by the philosophy of Diogenes of Sinope that Onesicritus also came to Athens and became his disciple. According to Hermippus of Smyrna, Philiscus was the pupil of Stilpo. He is also described as an associate of Phocion. The "Suda" claims that he was a teacher of Alexander the Great, but no other ancient writer mentions this. Aelian, though, has preserved a short exhortation by Philiscus addressed to Alexander: [title] Zenodotus (philosopher) [text] Zenodotus ( ; Greek: Ζηνόδοτος ; fl. late 5th century) was a Neoplatonist philosopher who lived and taught in Athens. He was described as "the darling ("paidika") of Proclus." Zenodotus served under Marinus of Neapolis when Marinus succeeded Proclus as the head ("scholarch") of the school (c. 485). He was a teacher of Damascius when he came to Athens to learn philosophy (c. 492). Whereas Marinus taught mathematics and scientific courses to Damascius, Zenodotus taught the more conventional philosophy courses. He was an important philosopher in Athens during the time when Marinus and Hegias were contending for the leadership of the school, but he seems to have been overlooked as a possible scholarch on more than one occasion. [title] Plato [text] Plato ( ; Greek: Πλάτων "Plátōn", ] in Classical Attic; 428/427 or 424/423 – 348/347 BC) was a philosopher in Classical Greece and the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. He is widely considered the most pivotal figure in the development of philosophy, especially the Western tradition. Unlike nearly all of his philosophical contemporaries, Plato's entire work is believed to have survived intact for over 2,400 years. Others believe that the oldest extant manuscript dates to around AD 895, 1100 years after Plato's death. This makes it difficult to know exactly what Plato wrote.

Question
Which philosopher founded the Academy in Athens and had Philip of Opus as a disciple?
Answer(s):
Plato
