Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [text] The Cleveland Browns traveled to Oakland for their first road game of the season to face the Oakland Raiders. Historically, the Browns and the Raiders split their all-time series at 27 games a piece heading into week three's game. The Browns had won six of their last seven meetings with the Raiders, but the team fell short by a final score of 26-24, allowing the Raiders to end their eleven-game losing streak. The Browns' first drive was marred by three penalties and a sack, forcing the team into an almost-impossible 3rd-and-40 situation. The Browns were forced to punt, but held the Raiders to a three-and-out series on their first drive. However, the Browns were forced to punt again on their second drive, and allowed the Raiders to score the first points of the game on a 32-yard Sebastian Janikowski field goal, putting the Raiders up 3-0. The Browns' next drive ended prematurely, as quarterback Derek Anderson was intercepted by Raiders linebacker Thomas Howard, who returned the interception 26&#160;yards. The Raiders' next drive was stalled by the Browns, forcing the team to kick a field goal, this time a 22-yard field goal. The Browns were forced to punt again on their next drive, and the Raiders were able to score on a 41-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Josh McCown to wide receiver Ronald Curry. The score was made possible by a brilliant play-action fake, which caused rookie cornerback Eric Wright to bite on the fake, allowing Curry to run untouched to the endzone. The Browns' next drive was again ended by an interception, as Kirk Morrison picked Anderson off and returned the interception 45&#160;yards before being tackled by Braylon Edwards to save the touchdown. The Raiders were held to a field goal, this time 23&#160;yards, despite their outstanding field position, increasing their lead to 16-0. On the kickoff, however, returner Josh Cribbs managed to break down the Raiders' defense en route to a 99-yard kickoff return touchdown, putting the Browns on the board for the first time in the game. The Raiders then fumbled on their next possession, allowing defensive end Simon Fraser to fall on the loose ball. Anderson then led the Browns down the field to a 23-yard Phil Dawson field goal, bringing the Browns within six points as the first half came to a close. Raiders quarterback McCown was replaced by Daunte Culpepper at the start of the second half due to an ankle injury he sustained on a play in which defensive end Robaire Smith fell on his leg during a tackle. Culpepper's entrance into the game was met with a loud series of cheers from Raiders fans, who have wanted to see Culpepper on the field all year. His first drive leading the Raiders in the second half ended with a punt, but the Raiders held the Browns to a three-and-out, forcing another Browns punt. However, on the Raiders' next drive, a 24-yard pass from Culpepper to wide receiver Mike Williams was fumbled and recovered by cornerback Daven Holly. The Browns capitalized on the momentum from the fumble and scored six quick points on a 21-yard pass from Anderson to Edwards, bringing the Browns to within nine points of the Raiders. However, the Raiders' next drive culminated in a one-yard touchdown run by running back Lamont Jordan, increasing the Raiders' lead to 23-17 while taking more than nine minutes off the game clock. The Browns were forced into a three-and-out on their next possession, and allowed the Raiders to score three more fourth-quarter points on a 48-yard Janikowski field goal, capping the Raiders' scoring for the day at 26, putting them ahead 26-17. The Browns would answer back on their next drive as Anderson scrambled from the pocket and scored on a one-yard touchdown run to bring the Browns within two points of the lead. After a Raider punt, the Browns were forced into their two-minute offense and had to get the ball within field goal range to have a chance of winning the game. The Browns managed to get the ball to the Oakland 22-yard line, and the field goal unit took the field with three seconds left on the clock. Kicker Phil Dawson managed to hit the field goal from 40&#160;yards out; however, Raiders coach Lane Kiffin called a timeout just moments before Dawson kicked the ball, effectively icing his kick. With one more chance, the Browns lined up for the field goal again. This time, however, Dawson's field goal was blocked by Tommy Kelly, ending the Browns' chances for a comeback win. With the win, the Raiders ended their eleven-game losing streak and took the lead in the overall series between the two teams, 28-27. Derek Anderson, despite his somewhat disappointing performance, put up nearly 250&#160;yards passing for the second straight week, though running back Jamal Lewis was held to just 56&#160;yards on 15 carries. With the loss, the Browns have extended their already long streak of games without winning two in a row. That last happened the final game of the 2003 season and the first game of 2004.

Question
Who was the Browns top rusher?
Answer(s):
Jamal Lewis
