Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [text] The Broncos kicked off the 2015 season against the Baltimore Ravens, the Broncos' fifth-consecutive Week 1 home opener. Two first-quarter field goals by placekicker Brandon McManus &#8212; from 57 and 56 yards out &#8212; gave the Broncos the early 6-point advantage. In the second quarter, a 44-yard field goal by placekicker Justin Tucker got the Ravens on the scoreboard. McManus later countered with a 43-yard field goal just before halftime to put the lead back to 6. Three plays into the Broncos' initial possession of the second half, quarterback Peyton Manning was intercepted by Ravens' cornerback Jimmy Smith for a 24-yard touchdown, in what was the Ravens' only touchdown of the game. After forcing a Broncos' punt, the Ravens increased their lead, with a 44-yard field goal by Tucker. The Broncos were forced to punt on their next two third-quarter offensive possessions. With 10 seconds remaining in the third quarter, the Broncos re-claimed the lead, with cornerback Aqib Talib returning an interception off Ravens' quarterback Joe Flacco 51 yards for a touchdown, in what was the Broncos' only touchdown of the game. The Broncos' defense forced the Ravens' to punt on their next possession early in the fourth quarter, and beginning at the 13:51 mark, the Broncos began a 17-play, 81-yard drive that devoured 10:51 off the clock, but had to settle for a 33-yard field goal by McManus to increase to a 19-13 lead. With 2:55 remaining in the game, the Ravens advanced to as far as the Broncos' 16-yard line, hoping for a game-winning touchdown. On the 14th play of the drive, a pass from Flacco to wide receiver Steve Smith, Sr. that was almost a touchdown was deflected by Broncos' cornerback Bradley Roby near the goal line, falling incomplete. On the next play, with 36 seconds remaining, a pass from Flacco intended for tight end Crockett Gilmore was intercepted by safety Darian Stewart in the end zone, sealing the Broncos' fourth consecutive Week 1 victory. NotesThis marked the first time since September 17, 2006, that the Broncos won a game without scoring an offensive touchdown. Peyton Manning failed to throw a touchdown pass in a season opener for the first time since 2003.

Question
Which team won the game?
Answer(s):
Broncos
