Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [text] Hoping to rebound from their road upset against the St. Louis Rams, the Redskins returned to FedExField in an attempt to win its sixth straight home opener and, simultaneously, snap a 6-game home losing streak, the longest such streak in the NFL currently. Right out of the gate, things started off on the wrong foot for the Redskins, as the Bengals attempted a trick play on the first play of the game, and executed it to perfection, as rookie wide receiver Mohamed Sanu took the snap and found a wide open A. J. Green for a 73-yard touchdown pass on the first play of the game to make it 7-0 Bengals. The Redskins would go three-and-out on its next possession, but punter Saverio Rocca would pin the Bengals deep in their own end, and on the ensuing play, Bengals QB Andy Dalton, under duress in his own endzone, threw a pass too wide for running back BenJarvus Green-Ellis, which was intercepted by linebacker Rob Jackson in the endzone for a Redskins touchdown, evening the score at 7 apiece. However, the Bengals would continue to set the tone offensively, as Dalton would find Armon Binns on the sideline for a 48-yard score to take a 14-7 lead. In the second quarter, Cincinnati continued to dictate the flow of the game, and things began to look grim for the Redskins in Robert Griffin III's home debut. Late in the second, Mike Nugent connected on a 37-yard field goal to extend Cincinnati's advantage to 17-7. Less than a minute later, Cincinnati recovered a Griffin III fumble, and BenJarvus Green-Ellis would score on a direct snap from one yard out to put Cincinnati in firm control, up 24-7. However, Washington refused to give up, as they drove down the field, and Billy Cundiff connected from 36 yards out to bring Washington back within two possessions, down 24-10. In the second half, Washington got the ball to start the third quarter, and wasted no time. Rookie Alfred Morris scored from 7 yards out, and the deficit was cut to 24-17. Later, Cincinnati went 3-and-out, and Washington would rally to tie the game, with Griffin finding Santana Moss in the corner of the endzone to even the score at 24 apiece, in a game in which Washington seemed destined to lose earlier in the day. In the fourth, however, Washington's defense could not sustain. After squandering solid field position twice, and being out of timeouts with over twelve minutes to play in the fourth, Dalton found Jermaine Gresham for a 6-yard TD to put the Bengals back on top, 31-24. The Redskins again went 3-and-out, and Dalton this time found speedy Andrew Hawkins for a 59-yard touchdown pass to give Cincinnati a 38-24 advantage. Washington, however, again refused to give in. Griffin III scored on a 2-yard touchdown run to cut the lead to 38-31, and after Washington's defense forced a punt, Griffin began with the ball at his own 1-yard line, down 7, with no timeouts. Attempting to recreate The Drive nearly worked, as the Redskins got to the Bengals 20, but Griffin III was then sacked for a sixth time on the day, and a third time by Michael Johnson, and the Redskins were then flagged for a false start and an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty, making the once highly plausible last-second TD pass nothing short of a miracle. Griffin III threw up a prayer that fell incomplete as time expired, and Washington lost 38-31. With the loss, the Redskins fell to 1-2 and sole possession of last place in the NFC East. They also set a mark for five consecutive games in which their defense allowed 30 or more points, dating back to the 2011 season. This is also the first time the Redskins have dropped a home opener since 2006, making this their seventh consecutive home loss.

Question
Which team made the first score of the game?
Answer(s):
Bengals
