Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Tennis (magazine) [text] TENNIS is an American sports magazine owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group. There are eight issues per year covering the world of tennis. The "tennis.com" website is an offshoot of the magazine and part of the same media company. [title] Trump magazines [text] Several magazines named after Donald Trump were published between 1997 and 2009. Trump Style, launched in February 1997, was available for free to VIP guests at Trump's hotel-casino properties, and was also available to residents of Trump's condominium buildings and members of his Mar-a-Lago club. [title] Satirical magazines of Turkey [text] Satirical magazines of Turkey have a long tradition, with the first magazine ("Diyojen") published in 1869. There are currently around 20 satirical magazines; the leading ones are "Penguen" (70,000 weekly circulation), "LeMan" (50,000) and "Uykusuz". [title] Krokodil [text] Krokodil (Russian: Крокодил ; ] , "crocodile") was a satirical magazine published in the Soviet Union. It was founded in 1922, and named after Fyodor Dostoyevsky's satirical short story, "The Crocodile" . At that time, a large number of satirical magazines existed, such as "Zanoza" and "Prozhektor". Nearly all of them eventually disappeared. [title] Fernand Louis Gottlob [text] Fernand-Louis Gottlob (1873–1935) was a French graphic artist whose caricatures appeared in many humorous magazines. [title] Diyojen (magazine) [text] Diyojen (“Diogenes“) was the first Ottoman satirical magazine of the Ottoman Empire. The first issue was published in Istanbul on 24 November 1870. by the satirist Teodor Kasap (1835-1905). It came out weekly in three year’s issues and was banned for good in 1873 after 183 numbers. Apart from satirical pieces, the magazine became known for its caricatures and the translation of French literature. Kasap, who also worked as journalist and playwright, published other satirical magazines after the ban. In Haylal (“Fantasy” or “Illusion“), which existed from 1873 until 1877, he among other things used caricatures and satirical articles to criticize the arbitrary press law. [title] The Devil's Dictionary [text] The Devil's Dictionary is a satirical dictionary written by American Civil War soldier, wit, and writer Ambrose Bierce consisting of common words followed by humorous and satirical definitions. The lexicon was written over three decades as a series of installments for magazines and newspapers. Bierce’s witty definitions were imitated and plagiarized for years before he gathered them into books, first as The Cynic's Word Book in 1906 and then in a more complete version as "The Devil's Dictionary" in 1911. [title] Verity Stob [text] Verity Stob is the pseudonym of a British satirical columnist. Stob is an anonymous software developer, the author of humorous and satirical articles about information technology, particularly software development. Since 1988, she has written her "Verity Stob" column for ". EXE" magazine, "Dr. Dobb's Journal", and currently website "The Register". Stob was described as "the author of the longest-running satirical column on computer programming" by her fellow columnist, Andrew Orlowski. [title] Trump (magazine) [text] Trump was a glossy magazine of satire and humor, mostly in the forms of comics features and short stories. It was edited by Harvey Kurtzman and published by Hugh Hefner, with only two issues produced in 1957. The first issue appeared in January 1957. The magazine's mascot was a trumpeter herald in the style of John Tenniel's "Alice in Wonderland" illustrations. [title] Marek Oramus [text] Marek Oramus (born 23 March 1952 in Siepraw) is a Polish science fiction writer and journalist. He graduated from the Silesian University of Technology in 1975. Most of his books and stories belong to the social science fiction genre and were written in the 1990s. Since then most of his writing have been journalistic, humorous, satirical essays, most of them published in the science fiction magazines "Fenix" and "Fantastyka" in his "Piąte Piwo" (Fifth Beer) column. Since 2010 he writes essays for Rzeczpospolita, concerning topics such as rare Earth hypothesis and futurology.

Question
Are Tennis and Trump both satirical and humorous magazines?
Answer(s):
no
