Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Konso [text] Konso (also known as Karati) is a town on the Sagan River in south-western Ethiopia. The administrative center of the Konso special woreda of the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples Region, this town has a latitude and longitude of and an elevation of 1650 meters. It is also called Pakawle by some of the neighboring inhabitants. [title] Grand Canal d'Alsace [text] The Grand Canal of Alsace (French: "Grand Canal d'Alsace" , German: "Rheinseitenkanal" ) is a canal in eastern France, channeling the Upper Rhine river. It is 50 kilometers (about 30 miles) long between Kembs and Vogelgrun, and provides access to the region from the Rhine River, Basel in Switzerland, and the North Sea for barges of up to about 5000 metric tons. The Grand Canal permits the navigation of more than 30,000 boats a year between Basel and Strasbourg. [title] Grand Canal (Ireland) [text] The Grand Canal (Irish: "An Chanáil Mhór" ) is the southernmost of a pair of canals that connect Dublin, in the east of Ireland, with the River Shannon in the west, via Tullamore and a number of other villages and towns, the two canals nearly encircling Dublin's inner city. Its sister canal on the Northside of Dublin is the Royal Canal. The last working cargo barge passed through the Grand Canal in 1960. [title] Yunhe District [text] Yunhe District () is a district of Cangzhou, Hebei, China. Its name means "Grand Canal District", referring to the Grand Canal of China that passes through it. [title] Grand Canal (China) [text] The Grand Canal (also known as the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal), a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is the longest canal or artificial river in the world and a famous tourist destination. Starting at Beijing, it passes through Tianjin and the provinces of Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu and Zhejiang to the city of Hangzhou, linking the Yellow River and Yangtze River. The oldest parts of the canal date back to the 5th century BC, but the various sections were first connected during the Sui dynasty (581–618 AD). The Yuan and Ming dynasties significantly rebuilt the canal and altered its route to supply their capital Beijing. [title] Grand Canal Dock [text] Grand Canal Dock (Irish: Duga na Canálach Móire) is an area near the city centre of Dublin, in the easternmost part of Dublin 2 and the westernmost part of Ringsend in Dublin 4, surrounding the Grand Canal Docks, an enclosed harbour or docking area between the River Liffey and the Grand Canal. Since 2000 the area has undergone significant redevelopment as part of the Dublin Docklands area redevelopment project. [title] Hazelhatch [text] Hazelhatch (Irish: "Collchoill") is an area on the border between County Kildare and South Dublin in Ireland. It is located approximately halfway between Celbridge and Newcastle. It is located on the R405 regional road. The Grand Canal passes through the area, and Hazelhatch is one of the places of recreational activity along the Grand Canal, with fishing and boating. There is one pub in Hazelhatch, beside the canal. Although it is not a conventional village, there is a concentration of one-off houses around the area. [title] Palazzo Malipiero [text] Palazzo Malipiero is a palace in Venice, Italy. It is located on the Grand Canal in the central Campo San Samuele. It stands just across from Palazzo Grassi Exhibition Center. The adjacent Italian-style garden with a view on the Grand Canal, a rarity in Venice, makes it even more distinctive. Initially built in a Byzantine style, over the centuries it has undergone some modifications. [title] Palazzo Michiel dalle Colonne, Venice [text] The Palazzo Michiel Dalle Colonne is a Baroque style palace located on the northern bank of the Grand Canal in the sestiere of Cannaregio in Venice, Italy. It is one building south of the junction of Rio del Santissimi Apostoli with Grand Canal, next to the Palazzo Michiel della Brusa and across the Canal from the Rialto Mercato and the Campo della Pescaria. The palace is also referred to as Palazzo Michiel Dalle Colonne a Santa Sofia. [title] The Back of the Pipes, Dublin [text] The Back of the Pipes was the name of a lane-way in Dublin 8, Ireland, located between Dolphin's Barn and James's walk. it ran parallel to the back gardens of the houses on Rubens Street from the Dolphins Barn end across from the Leinster Cinema, down the back of Fatima Mansions, on past the back gardens of the houses between Mallin Ave and Lourdes Road, past the stone sofa and finally coming out at James's walk across from the old Iron foot Bridge which crossed the grand canal (now filled in) for access to Basin Lane (Basin Street) and the main grand canal harbour area, It took its name from an important part of the Dublin water supply originally erected in 1245.

Question
Are the Grand Canal and Konso in the same country?
Answer(s):
no
