Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Briard [text] The Briard is an ancient breed of large herding dog, originally from France. A Briard-type dog appears in Gaston Febus' "Livre de chasse" ("Book of the Hunt"), written in the late 14th century. According to legend, about the same time, a Briard fought a judicial duel with Robert Macaire to avenge its owner's murder, Aubry of Montdidier. Charlemagne, Napoleon, Thomas Jefferson, and Lafayette are all said to have owned Briards. It became popular after the Paris dog show of 1863, after the breed had been fixed, with crosses with the Beauceron and the Barbet. During the First World War, the Briard was used, almost to the point of extinction, by the French army as a sentry, messenger, and to search for wounded soldiers. The Briard's modern-day roles include police, military and search-and-rescue work, as well as companion dog. [title] Shetland Sheepdog [text] The Shetland Sheepdog, also known as the Sheltie, is a breed of herding dog. The original name of this breed was Shetland Collie, but this caused controversy among the Rough Collie breeders at the time, so the breed's name was formally changed to Shetland Sheepdog. This small dog is intelligent, vocal, excitable, energetic and willing to please and work hard. The breed was formally recognized by The Kennel Club in 1909. [title] Shelillon (dog) [text] The Shelillon is a breed of dog of both Spaniel and the Scottish Collie type. It is a loyal friendly breed with moderate shedding, and minimum exercise requirements. To best understand this mixed-breed dog one must understand both its parents, the Papillon and Shetland Sheepdog. A Shelillon is not an American Kennel Club recognized breed. [title] Icelandic Sheepdog [text] The Icelandic Sheepdog is a breed of dog of spitz type originating from the dogs brought to Iceland by the Vikings. It is of similar type to the Norwegian Buhund, the Shetland Sheepdog, and the Welsh Corgi. They are commonly used to herd sheep in the Icelandic countryside. [title] Himalayan Sheepdog [text] The Himalayan Sheepdog, also referred to as the Bhote Kukur or Bhotia, is a livestock guardian dog that originated from Nepal. This mountain dog breed is closely similar to Indian Mastiff and the Tibetan Mastiff and may be related to the long-haired Kinnaur Sheepdog of Tibet. Naturally, Himalayan Sheepdogs enjoy outdoor lifestyles and are rarely seen beyond the regions of India and Nepal. As a powerful and robust breed, the Himalayan Sheepdog is mainly used for herding purposes. The Himalayan Sheepdog is regionally popular as both a loyal companion as well as a working dog. [title] Belgian Shepherd [text] The Belgian Shepherd (also known as the Belgian Sheepdog or Chien de Berger Belge) is a breed of medium-to-large-sized herding dog. It originated in Belgium and is similar to other sheep herding dogs from that region, including the Dutch Shepherd, the German Shepherd, the Briard, and others. Four types have been identified by various registries as separate breeds or varieties: Groenendael, Laekenois, Tervuren, and Malinois. [title] Duroc pig [text] Duroc pig is an older breed of domestic pig. The breed was developed in the United States and formed the basis for many mixed-breed commercial hogs. Duroc pigs are red, large-framed, medium length, and muscular, with partially drooping ears, and tend to be one of the least aggressive of all the swine breeds. They also have an excellent rate of gain. [title] Rough Collie [text] The Rough Collie (also known as the Long-Haired Collie) is a long-coated breed of medium to large size dog that in its original form was a type of collie used and bred for herding in Scotland. Originating in the 1800s, it is now well known through the works of author Albert Payson Terhune, and through the "Lassie" novel, movies, and television shows. There is also a smooth-coated variety; some breed organisations, including both the American and the Canadian Kennel Clubs, consider the smooth-coat and rough-coat dogs to be variations of the same breed. Rough Collies generally come in shades of sable, merles, and tri-coloured. This breed resembles a bigger version of the Shetland Sheepdog. [title] White-faced Black Spanish [text] The Spanish or White-faced Black Spanish, Spanish: Cara Blanca or Española Cara Blanca , is a breed of domestic chicken which originated in Spain, but was largely bred to its present type in Great Britain in the eighteenth century. It is an older breed than the Minorca. It is distributed throughout the world, but is rare in Spain. [title] Carol Perkins [text] Carol Perkins (born December 29, 1957) is an American business owner, fashion model and pet product designer who started her own company, Harry Barker, Inc., in 1997. The success of Harry Barker (company sales doubled between 2006 and 2009) has garnered Perkins national media coverage from CNBC business shows and USA Today to Ladies' Home Journal and O magazines. Perkins had been a Ford Model in the 1980s who went on to star with Penn & Teller in their 1990-91 Broadway hit, “Penn & Teller’s Refrigerator Tour.” An ordeal with a brain tumor and Cushing’s Disease forced her to change direction. Perkins recovered and moved south to start her own pet products company, Harry Barker, named for her Shetland Sheepdog. Perkins is still represented by the Eileen Ford Modeling Agency, but spends most of her time running her multi-million pet products company in Charleston, South Carolina

Question
Which is an older breed of dog? The Briard or the Shetland Sheepdog?
Answer(s):
Briard
