Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Chris Crawford on Game Design [text] Chris Crawford on Game Design (ISBN ) is a book about computer and video game design by Chris Crawford. Although referred to as the second edition of "The Art of Computer Game Design", it is in fact a completely new book. It was published by Peachpit under the New Riders imprint in 2003. It includes Crawford's response to recent game developments, such as "The Sims", and dedicates a chapter to each of his first 14 published games: "", "Legionnaire", "Wizard", "Energy Czar", "Scram", "Eastern Front (1941)", "Gossip", "Excalibur", "Balance of Power", "Patton Versus Rommel", "Siboot", "", "Balance of the Planet" and "Patton Strikes Back". [title] Simulations and games in economics education [text] A simulation game is "a game that contains a mixture of skill, chance, and strategy to simulate an aspect of reality, such as a stock exchange". Similarly, Finnish author Virpi Ruohomäki states that "a simulation game combines the features of a game (competition, cooperation, rules, participants, roles) with those of a simulation (incorporation of critical features of reality). A game is a simulation game if its rules refer to an empirical model of reality." A properly built simulation game used to teach or learn economics would closely follow the assumptions and rules of the theoretical models within this discipline. [title] Viva Piñata: Pocket Paradise [text] Viva Piñata: Pocket Paradise is a life simulation game developed by Rare, for the Nintendo DS video game console and based on the original "Viva Piñata", rather than being an all-new game in the series. [title] Life simulation game [text] Life simulation (or artificial life games) is a subgenre of simulation video games in which the player lives or controls one or more virtual lifeforms. A life simulation game can revolve around "individuals and relationships, or it could be a simulation of an ecosystem". [title] Jones in the Fast Lane [text] Jones in the Fast Lane is a life simulation game developed and published by Sierra Entertainment in 1990. The objective of the game is to attain certain amounts of money, happiness, status, and education. The exact amounts needed are defined by the player(s) when the game begins. The game's name and goals are a play on the concept of keeping up with the Joneses. [title] L.O.L.: Lack of Love [text] L.O.L: Lack Of Love is an evolutionary life simulation game developed by Love-de-Lic and published by ASCII Entertainment for the Sega Dreamcast. The game was released in Japan on November 2, 2000. [title] Viva Piñata (video game) [text] Viva Piñata is a 2006 life simulation game developed by Rare and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360. The game revolves around the player tending to a neglected garden in Piñata Island, in which different variations of piñatas must be bred whilst fending off disruptive interlopers. The project was headed by Gregg Mayles and the team behind the "Banjo-Kazooie" series, based on an idea from Rare co-founder Tim Stamper. Microsoft wanted the game to become a key franchise for the platform, and developed a tie-in television show to accompany the series. "Viva Piñata" released in November 2006. [title] Disney Magical World 2 [text] Disney Magical World 2 (ディズニー マジックキャッスル マイ・ハッピー・ライフ 2 , Dizunī Majikku Kyassuru: Mai Happī Raifu 2 , "Disney Magic Castle: My Happy Life 2") is a life simulation video game and a sequel to "Disney Magical World". The game has been released on November 5, 2015 in Japan, and was released in North America and Europe on October 14, 2016 and in Australia on October 15, 2016 for the Nintendo 3DS. The popular life simulation game returns with new features, new costumes, new worlds, and even more new characters. The theme song for the game is "Sparkle ~Kagayaki wo Shinjite~" by May J. [title] The Sims [text] The Sims is a life simulation video game series, developed by EA Maxis and published by Electronic Arts. The franchise has sold nearly 200 million copies worldwide, and it is one of the best-selling video games series of all time. [title] The Sims FreePlay [text] The Sims FreePlay is a strategic life simulation game developed by EA Mobile and later with Firemonkeys Studios. It is a freemium version of "The Sims" for mobile devices and was released worldwide on December 15, 2011 for iOS devices, on February 15, 2012 for Android, July 31, 2013 for BlackBerry 10 and September 12, 2013 for Windows Phone 8. The game was released for Kindle Fire in October 2012.

Question
Chris Crawford on Game Design contains a response about a life simulation game developed by who?
Answer(s):
EA Maxis
