Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Anamanaguchi [text] Anamanaguchi is an American electronic band from New York City. The band has four members: lead songwriters and guitarists Peter Berkman & Ary Warnaar, bassist James DeVito, and drummer Luke Silas. [title] Alcopop! Records [text] Alcopop! Records is an independent record label run by Jack Clothier and Kevin Douch. The label began in Autumn 2006 as an affiliate or sister label to Douch's main outfit Big Scary Monsters Recording Company. Now its own entity, the label is almost 100 releases old and works with the likes of Johnny Foreigner, Anamanaguchi, Fight Like Apes, The Crimea, Stagecoach and Get Inuit. [title] Pixeltan [text] Pixeltan are a Brooklyn based noise rock/electronic band consisting of Mika Yoneta (vocals/keyboard), Devin Flynn (bass/percussion), and Hisham Bharoocha (drums/electronics). They are currently signed to DFA Records and are working on new material and playing shows in New York City. [title] Soviet (band) [text] Soviet is an American electronic rock band that formed in 1998 in Syracuse, NY. They later moved to New York City. Although influenced more by new romantic and Britpop music, Soviet was one of several Electropop artists who surfaced in the late 1990s that popularized the sound New York promoter and DJ Larry Tee coined as electroclash. The longest standing core member lineup consists of vocalist and songwriter Keith Ruggiero, and keyboardists Christopher Otchy, Amanda Lynn Berkowitz, and Greg Kochan. [title] Prototype 909 [text] Prototype 909 ( aka p909 ) was an American electronic band which was composed of Taylor Deupree, Dietrich Schoenemann and Jason "BPMF" Szostek which was formed in 1993 in New York, NY. [title] Book of Love (band) [text] Book of Love is an American synthpop and electronic band, formed in 1983 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and later based out of New York City. Led by vocalist Susan Ottaviano, the band also includes keyboardists Ted Ottaviano (no relation to Susan), Lauren Roselli and Jade Lee. The band gained its first exposure as the opening act for two Depeche Mode tours in 1985 and 1986. The group has been described by the "Houston Press" as "forward thinking" for lyrics dealing with sexual orientation and gender roles. [title] Twin Falls (band) [text] Twin Falls is an indie electronic band from Somerset, England. Revolving largely around Luke Stidson, who previously ran the record label Exercise1 Records. The band has released two EPs and two full-length albums. Their debut album "Slow Numb" was self-released on 12 September 2011. The Lead single "Janie I will Only Let You Down" was play listed on BBC Radio 1, BBC 6Music, and BBC Radio Bristol throughout 2012. The single release included a remix by New York electronic artist A Million Billion. The follow up 'May All Your Dreams Be Full Of Light' arrived in 2013. The band also appeared live at the 2013 Glastonbury Festival on the BBC Introducing Stage. [title] Out Hud [text] Out Hud was an electronic band formed in 1996 in the Bay Area of California and later based in New York City. The band consisted of guitarist Nic Offer, bassist Tyler Pope, cellist Molly Schnick, vocalist/drummer Phyllis Forbes and mixer Justin Van Der Volgen. Pope, Offer, and Van Der Volgen are also members of the similar band, !!! . Their first album, "S.T.R.E.E.T. D.A.D." was instrumental. For their second album, "Let Us Never Speak Of It Again", the group added vocals to their music, with Forbes singing lead while a drum machine filled in her usual role, assisted with Schnick on backing vocals. [title] Atomkraft? Nein, Danke! [text] Atomkraft? Nein, Danke! is the third full-length album by the American electronic band Earthstar. It was their second release for the Hamburg, Germany-based Sky Records on February 1, 1981. "Atomkraft? Nein, Danke!" was recorded during 1979 and 1980 at Deponté la Rue Studio in Paris, France, and IC Studios and Emch Studio in West Germany. Additional tracks were recorded at Aura Sound Studio in New York State. All tracks were written by Craig Wuest except "Golden Rendezvous," which was written by Wuest and Daniel Zongrone, and "Forest Floor, Part II: Aras," a tape-loop improvisation with guitarist Dennis Rea. [title] Forma (band) [text] Forma is an American electronic band from Brooklyn. The group released two full-length albums for Spectrum Spools in 2011 and 2012. After a lineup change (John Also Bennett replaced founding member Sophie Lam), they released an EP for NYC techno label The Bunker New York in 2014. In September 2016, Forma released "Physicalist," a full-length album for long standing ambient label Kranky. "Physicalist" was the first Forma recording to utilize acoustic instrumentation, including music composed on piano, flute and percussion instruments.

Question
Alcopop! Records works with what American electronic band from New York City?
Answer(s):
Anamanaguchi
