Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Gravitron [text] The Gravitron (also known as the Starship, Starship 2000, Starship 3000, Starship 4000, Starship Area 51, Starship Gravitron, Starship Exodus, Alien Abduction, Alien Invasion, Twister, Devil's Hole, Area 51, and Enterprise) is an amusement ride, most commonly found as a portable ride at fairs and carnivals. The Gravitron first appeared at Morey's Piers in 1983 and quickly became a fixture at amusement parks in many countries. It is a modification of an earlier ride called the Rotor. The ride was originally designed and manufactured by Wisdom Industries, though several examples of the Gravitron were produced under license by ARM in the UK and Ferrari in Australia. [title] Treehouse of Horror IX [text] "Treehouse of Horror IX" is the fourth episode in the tenth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons". It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 25, 1998. This is the ninth "Treehouse of Horror" episode, and, like the other "Treehouse of Horror" episodes, contains three self-contained segments: In "Hell Toupée", Homer gets a hair transplant and is possessed by the spirit of an executed criminal; in "Terror of Tiny Toon", Bart and Lisa are trapped in a special, extremely violent episode of "The Itchy & Scratchy Show"; and in "Starship Poopers", Marge reveals that Maggie is the product of a one-night stand with the alien Kang. [title] Kang and Kodos [text] Kang and Kodos are a duo of fictional recurring characters in the animated television series "The Simpsons". Kang is voiced by Harry Shearer and Kodos by Dan Castellaneta. They are aliens from the fictional planet Rigel VII and appear almost exclusively in the "Treehouse of Horror" episodes. The duo has appeared in at least one segment of all twenty-seven Treehouse of Horror episodes. Sometimes their appearance is the focus of a plot, other times a brief cameo. Kang and Kodos are often bent on the conquest of Earth and are usually seen working on sinister plans to invade and subjugate humanity. [title] Harry Shearer [text] Harry Julius Shearer (born December 23, 1943) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian, writer, musician, author, radio host, director and producer. He is known for his long-running roles on "The Simpsons", his work on "Saturday Night Live", the comedy band Spinal Tap and his radio program "Le Show". Born in Los Angeles, California, Shearer began his career as a child actor. From 1969 to 1976, Shearer was a member of The Credibility Gap, a radio comedy group. Following the breakup of the group, Shearer co-wrote the film "Real Life" with Albert Brooks and started writing for Martin Mull's television series "Fernwood 2 Night". [title] Mr. Burns [text] Charles Montgomery Burns, known as C. Montgomery Burns and Monty Burns, but usually referred to simply as Mr. Burns, occasionally as Mr Snrub, is a recurring character in the animated television series "The Simpsons", and is voiced by Harry Shearer. Mr. Burns is the evil owner of the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant and is also Homer Simpson's boss. He is assisted at almost all times by Waylon Smithers, his loyal and sycophantic aide, adviser, confidant and secret admirer. [title] The Itchy &amp; Scratchy Show [text] The Itchy & Scratchy Show (often shortened as Itchy & Scratchy) is a running gag and fictional animated television series featured in the American animated television series "The Simpsons". It usually appears as a part of "The Krusty the Clown Show", watched regularly by Bart Simpson and Lisa Simpson. Itself an animated cartoon, "The Itchy & Scratchy Show" depicts a sadistic anthropomorphic blue mouse, Itchy (voiced by Dan Castellaneta), who repeatedly maims and kills an anthropomorphic, hapless threadbare black cat, Scratchy (voiced by Harry Shearer). The cartoon first appeared in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "The Bart Simpson Show", which originally aired November 20, 1988. The cartoon's first appearance in "The Simpsons" was in the 1990 episode "There's No Disgrace Like Home". Typically presented as 15-to-60-second-long cartoons, the show is filled with gratuitous violence. "The Simpsons" also occasionally features characters who are involved with the production of "The Itchy & Scratchy Show", including Roger Meyers Jr. (voiced by Alex Rocco, and, later, Hank Azaria), who runs the studio and produces the show. [title] Waylon Smithers [text] Waylon J. Smithers Jr., usually referred to as Mr. Smithers or simply Smithers, is a recurring fictional character in the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", who is voiced by Harry Shearer. Smithers first appeared in the episode "Homer's Odyssey", although his voice could be heard in the series premiere "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire". He is the consummate executive and personal assistant of Springfield Nuclear Power Plant's owner Mr. Burns. [title] Ned Flanders [text] Nedward "Ned" Flanders, Jr. is a recurring fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". He is voiced by Harry Shearer, and first appeared in the series premiere episode "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire". He is the good-natured, cheery next-door neighbor to the Simpson family and is generally loathed by Homer Simpson. A devout Evangelical Christian with an annoyingly perfect family, he is among the friendliest and most compassionate of Springfield's residents and is generally considered a pillar of the Springfield community. [title] The Simpsons Movie [text] The Simpsons Movie is a 2007 American animated comedy film based on the Fox television series "The Simpsons". The film was directed by David Silverman, and stars the regular television cast of Dan Castellaneta, Julie Kavner, Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith, Hank Azaria, Harry Shearer, Tress MacNeille, Pamela Hayden, Marcia Wallace, Maggie Roswell and Russi Taylor, along with Tom Hanks, Green Day and Albert Brooks. The film follows Homer Simpson, whose irresponsibility gets the better of him when he pollutes the lake in Springfield after the town has cleaned it up following receipt of a warning from the Environmental Protection Agency. As the townspeople exile him and eventually his family abandons him, Homer works to redeem his folly by stopping Russ Cargill, the head of the EPA, when he intends to destroy Springfield. [title] List of The Simpsons cast members [text] "The Simpsons" is an American animated sitcom that includes six main voice actors, and numerous regular cast and recurring guest stars. The principal cast consists of Dan Castellaneta, Julie Kavner, Nancy Cartwright, Yeardley Smith, Hank Azaria and Harry Shearer. Tress MacNeille, Pamela Hayden, Maggie Roswell, Russi Taylor, Marcia Wallace, Marcia Mitzman Gaven and Karl Wiedergott have appeared as supporting cast members. Repeat guest cast members include Albert Brooks, Phil Hartman, Jon Lovitz, Joe Mantegna and Kelsey Grammer. With one exception, episode credits list only the voice actors, and not the characters they voice.

Question
The real father of Maggie from "The Simpsons" is revealed in "Starship Poopers". He is also an alien voiced by Harry Shearer. Which planet is he from?
Answer(s):
Rigel VII
