Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Dodo Abashidze [text] David "Dodo" Abashidze (Georgian: დავით [დოდო] აბაშიძე ; Russian: Дави́д Ива́нович Абаши́дзе ; 1 May 1924 – 26 January 1990) was a Soviet Georgian film actor and director. He appeared in 50 films between 1954 and 1988. [title] The Lost World (Crichton novel) [text] The Lost World is a techno thriller novel written by Michael Crichton and published in 1995 by Knopf. A paperback edition (ISBN ) followed in 1996. It is a sequel to his earlier novel "Jurassic Park". In 1997, both novels were re-published as a single book titled "Michael Crichton's Jurassic World", unrelated to the 2015 film of the same name. [title] Grave Descend [text] Grave Descend is a novel written by Michael Crichton under the pseudonym John Lange. It was originally published in 1970, and later re-released in 2006 as part of the Hard Case Crime series. For this release, Michael Crichton did an overall revision of the text. The novel was nominated for the Edgar Award in 1971. Hard Case Crime will republish the novel under Crichton's name on October 29, 2013. [title] Ashik Kerib (film) [text] Ashik Kerib (Georgian: აშიკ-ქერიბი) (literally, "the strange lover") is a 1988 film by the Soviet-Georgian and Armenian filmmakers Dodo Abashidze and Sergei Parajanov based on the short story of the same name by Mikhail Lermontov. It was Parajanov's last completed film and was dedicated to his close friend Andrei Tarkovsky, who had died two years previously. The film also features a detailed portrayal of Azerbaijani culture. [title] The Andromeda Strain [text] The Andromeda Strain is a 1969 techno-thriller novel by Michael Crichton documenting the efforts of a team of scientists investigating the outbreak of a deadly extraterrestrial microorganism in Arizona. "The Andromeda Strain" appeared in the "New York Times" Best Seller list, establishing Michael Crichton as a genre writer. [title] Jurassic Park (novel) [text] Jurassic Park is a 1990 science fiction novel written by Michael Crichton, divided into seven sections (iterations). A cautionary tale about genetic engineering, it presents the collapse of an amusement park showcasing genetically recreated dinosaurs to illustrate the mathematical concept of chaos theory and its real world implications. A sequel titled "The Lost World", also written by Crichton, was published in 1995. In 1997, both novels were re-published as a single book titled "Michael Crichton's Jurassic World", unrelated to the film of the same name. [title] The Legend of Suram Fortress [text] The Legend of the Suram Fortress (Georgian: ამბავი სურამის ციხისა ) is a 1985 drama film directed by Georgian SSR-born Soviet-Armenian director Sergei Parajanov and Georgian actor Dodo Abashidze. Sergei Parajanov's first film after 15 years of censorship in the Soviet Union, it is a film stylistically linked with his earlier" The Color of Pomegranates" (1968): The film consists of a series of tableaux; once again minimal dialogue is used; the film abounds in surreal, almost oneiric power. [title] Travels (book) [text] Travels (published in 1988) is a nonfiction book by Michael Crichton that details Crichton's attempts to leave his medical education at Harvard Medical School, followed by his subsequent travel to Los Angeles and adventures continuing his professional writing career, beginning with "The Great Train Robbery" (1975). After his initial book became a movie starring Sean Connery, Crichton describes his adventures over the world, and ultimately his experience with mysticism, including out-of-body experiences, astral projection, and fortune-telling. [title] Micro (novel) [text] Micro is a techno-thriller novel by Michael Crichton, published posthumously in 2011. Upon his death in 2008, an untitled, unfinished manuscript was found on his computer, which would become "Micro" and complete his two-book deal with publisher HarperCollins. HarperCollins chose science writer Richard Preston to complete the novel from Crichton's remaining notes and research, and it was finally published in 2011. "Micro" is Crichton's second posthumous novel; "Pirate Latitudes", a historical thriller, was also found on his computer and published posthumously in 2009. [title] Michael Crichton [text] John Michael Crichton ( ; October 23, 1942 – November 4, 2008) was an American best-selling author, screenwriter, film director and producer best known for his work in the science fiction, medical fiction and thriller genres. His books have sold over 200 million copies worldwide, and many have been adapted into films.

Question
Did Dodo Abashidze and Michael Crichton have the same nationality?
Answer(s):
no
