Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Pedro Javier González [text] Pedro Javier González García (born 1962 in Barcelona) is a Spanish flamenco, jazz, and classical guitarist, composer, and record producer. He has produced and collaborated with El Último de la Fila, Joan Manuel Serrat, Alejandro Sanz, Manolo García and María del Mar Bonet, Victoria de los Ángeles, and Angelo Branduardi. He has also performed at festivals with other B.B. King, John McLaughlin, Pat Metheny, Paco de Lucía, John Williams, Tommy Emmanuel, and Tomatito. He is noted for his ability to perform popular standards in a flamenco jazz style, such as he did in his "Guitarra" album series. [title] García Garcés de Aza [text] García Garcés de Aza (Latin: "Garsias Garsie de Aza" ; "floruit" 1126–1159) was a Castilian magnate "renowned for his wealth and dullness", yet "a prominent figure in the later Andalusian campaigns of the Emperor between 1150 and 1157". His second name, "Garcés" (sometimes "García"), is a patronymic, indicating that his father was also named García, while his third name, "de Aza" is a toponymic frequently found in contemporary documents, in this case indicating that he held the "tenencia" of Aza. His father was in fact García Ordóñez, and his mother was the latter's second wife, Eva, probably a Frenchwoman. She re-married after García Ordóñez's death to Pedro González de Lara, and García Garcés was thus a half-brother of Eva's children by Pedro and closely allied with the House of Lara. [title] John Williams [text] John Towner Williams (born February 8, 1932) is an American composer, conductor, and pianist. With a career spanning over six decades, he has composed some of the most popular and recognizable film scores in cinematic history, including "Jaws", the "Star Wars" series, "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "Superman", "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial", the "Indiana Jones" series, the first two "Home Alone" films, the first two "Jurassic Park" films, "Schindler's List", and the first three "Harry Potter" films. Williams has been associated with director Steven Spielberg since 1974, composing music for all but three of his feature films. Other notable works by Williams include theme music for the Olympic Games, "NBC Sunday Night Football", "The Mission" theme used by NBC News, the television series "Lost in Space" and "Land of the Giants", and the incidental music for the first season of "Gilligan's Island". Williams has also composed numerous classical concertos and other works for orchestral ensembles and solo instruments. From 1980 to 1993, he served as the Boston Pops' principal conductor, and is now the orchestra's laureate conductor. [title] Xavier Coll [text] Xavier Coll is a Spanish classical guitarist. In 1989, he formed the classical, flute-guitar duo with Monserrat Gascón. He also played in a group with Pedro Javier González, Yoshimi Otani and Alex Garrobé. He has most recently performed with the Barcelona Guitar Trio, along with Luis Robisco and Manuel Gonzalez. [title] Certamen de Guitarra flamenca [text] Certamen de Guitarra flamenca is a flamenco guitar competition held Spain since 1986 to "the most impressive players of flamenco guitar". Previous winners include Pedro Javier González and Antonio Rey. The 2004 competition was held in the second week of December at the Teatro Villamarta in Jerez de la Frontera and the 2010 competition was held on 13-15 October 2010. [title] Premio al Toque por Bulerías [text] Premio al Toque por Bulerías is an annual prize given in Spain to the most impressive players of the Bulerías, a style of flamenco. Previous winners in the 1980s include Pedro Javier González and Pepe Justicia (1987). [title] Jota González [text] Jesús Javier González (born 2 February 1972), known as Jota González, is a Spanish handball head coach. He is the manager of Liga ASOBAL club Naturhouse La Rioja. [title] Pedro Muñoz (baseball) [text] Pedro Javier Muñoz González (born September 19, 1968) is a former outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played seven seasons in the majors, from 1990 until 1996 , for the Minnesota Twins and Oakland Athletics. He hit his first MLB home run off the Milwaukee Brewer's Darren Holmes on May 16, 1991 and his first grand slam a month later against the New York Yankees. [title] Marwin González [text] Marwin Javier González (born March 14, 1989) is a Venezuelan professional baseball infielder with the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball (MLB). Primarily a shortstop, González has appeared at every position except for pitcher and catcher for the Astros. [title] Historia (history of the Americas journal) [text] Historia is a peer-reviewed academic journal specialising in the history of the Americas and Chile. It was established in 1961 and its first director was Jaime Eyzaguirre. The first editorial committee included Ricardo Krebs, Gonzalo Vial, Gabriel Guarda, Armando de Ramón, Julio González and Carlos Oviedo. Javier González acted as secretary. Apart from original articles the journal includes a bibliography of any history publication about Chile or written by a Chilean in the period that precedes the journal deemed relevant.

Question
Since when has a composer who Pedro Javier González García has performed with at festivals been associated with Steven Spielberg?
Answer(s):
1974
