Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Roger Spottiswoode [text] John Roger Spottiswoode (born 5 January 1945) is a Canadian-British director, editor and writer of film and television. He was born in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, and was raised in Britain. His father Raymond Spottiswoode was a British film theoretician who worked at the National Film Board of Canada during the 1940s, directing such short films such as "Wings of a Continent". [title] Ten Modern Commandments [text] Ten Modern Commandments was a 1927 American silent romantic comedy-drama film that starred Esther Ralston and was distributed through Paramount Pictures. It is based on an original screen story and was directed by Dorothy Arzner. The film is now considered lost film. [title] Dorothy Arzner [text] Dorothy Emma Arzner (January 3, 1897 – October 1, 1979) was an American film director whose career in feature films spanned from the silent era of the late 1920s into the early 1940s. In fact, Dorothy Arzner was the only female director working in the 1930s in the United States. She was one of the very few women who established a name for herself as a director in the American film industry during this time. [title] Get Your Man (1927 film) [text] Get Your Man is an American silent motion picture produced by Paramount Famous Lasky Corporation, and released in 1927. The film was directed by Dorothy Arzner and stars Clara Bow, Charles 'Buddy' Rogers and Josef Swickard. The Library of Congress holds an incomplete print of this film, missing two out of six reels. Paramount did not renew this film's copyright in 1955 so the film is now in the Public Domain. [title] Dorothy Hall (actress) [text] Dorothy Hall (December 3, 1906 – February 2, 1953) was an American film actress in the late 1920s and early 1930s. She began her career as an actress on Broadway and transitioned fully into film acting in the late 1920s. She had small roles in films such as "The Winning Oar" (1927) and "The Broadway Drifter" (1927) and was later featured in the Vitaphone short "In the Nick of Time" (1929) and "The Laughing Lady" (1929). Her final and best known film role was in Dorothy Arzner's "Working Girls" (1931) where she plays Mae Thorpe. Dorothy Hall died on February 2, 1953 in New York City. [title] Merrily We Go to Hell [text] Merrily We Go to Hell is a 1932 pre-Code film starring Academy Award winning actor Fredric March and Sylvia Sidney. The film was directed by Dorothy Arzner. The film's title is an example of the sensationalistic titles that were common in the Pre-Code era. Many newspapers refused to publicize the film because of its racy title. The title is a line March's character says while making a toast. [title] The Man I Love (1929 film) [text] The Man I Love (1929) is a part-talking sound film from Paramount Pictures produced in parallel silent and sound versions. This film survives in a copy sold to television in the 1950s. The film stars Richard Arlen. Some sources refer to this as Arlen's first sound film, but he co-starred Nancy Carroll in Dorothy Arzner's "Manhattan Cocktail" (1928), another part-talking picture released by Paramount. [title] Pam Cook [text] Pam Cook (born 6 January 1943, Farnborough, Hampshire, UK) is Professor Emerita in Film at the University of Southampton. She was educated at Sir William Perkins's School, Chertsey, Surrey and Birmingham University, where she was taught by Stuart Hall, Richard Hoggart, Malcolm Bradbury and David Lodge. Along with Laura Mulvey and Claire Johnston, she was a pioneer of 1970s Anglo-American feminist film theory. Her collaboration with Claire Johnston on the work of Hollywood film director Dorothy Arzner provoked debate among feminist film scholars over the following decades. [title] Marion Morgan (choreographer) [text] Marion Morgan (January 4, 1881, New Jersey – November 10, 1971, Los Angeles, CA) was a choreographer and motion picture screenwriter and the longtime companion of motion picture director Dorothy Arzner. Arzner lived for the last 40 years of her life with Morgan. [title] Arthur Roberts (editor) [text] Arthur Roberts July 17, 1890 – February 5, 1961), also known as Arthur E. Roberts, was an American film editor who edited over 100 films during his almost 30 year career. He began ending towards the end of the silent era of the film industry, his first film being 1927's "The College Hero", directed by Walter Lang. His last film was Republic's "Lay That Rifle Down" in 1955, after which he spent a brief period as the editor for the television series, "Lassie", before retiring in 1956. During his career he would work with many famous directors, including Frank Capra (on several films, including "The Donovan Affair"), Lowell Sherman (on "The Royal Bed"), William Seiter (on several films, including "Way Back Home"), Edward Cline (on "Cracked Nuts"), George Cukor ("A Bill of Divorcement"), Dorothy Arzner (the first female member of the DGA, on "Christopher Strong"), Anthony Mann ("Strangers in the Night"), George Archainbaud ("Girls of the Big House"), Fritz Lang ("House by the River"),

Question
Did Roger Spottiswoode ever direct a film with Dorothy Arzner?
Answer(s):
no
