Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Trevor Wall [text] Trevor Wall is a Canadian animator, storyboard artist, and television & film director. He is best known for directing "Norm of the North", "", and "Zevo-3". [title] Norm of the North [text] Norm of the North is a 2016 American-Indian-Irish computer-animated comedy-adventure film directed by Trevor Wall and written by Daniel R. Altiere, Steven M. Altiere, and Malcolm T. Goldman. It features the voices of Rob Schneider as the title character, Heather Graham, Ken Jeong, Colm Meaney, Loretta Devine, Gabriel Iglesias, Michael McElhatton, and Bill Nighy. The UK version features James Corden. It was co-produced by Assemblage Entertainment, Splash Entertainment and Telegael, and distributed by Lionsgate. [title] Zevo-3 [text] Zevo-3 is an American animated television series that aired on Nicktoons for nearly seven months. It premiered on October 11, 2010 and ended with only one season on May 7, 2011. It is based on three characters that previously appeared in Skechers commercials (Z-Strap, Kewl Breeze and Elastika), although they have been redesigned. It is produced by MoonScoop Group and Skechers Entertainment. [title] Anne Robillard [text] Anne Robilard (born 9 February 1955) is a Canadian novelist, best known as the author of the Knights of Emerald heroic fantasy series. The Knights of Emerald books have known an enormous attention in French-speaking countries, such as France, and especially Canada, more than a million copies having been sold, only in Quebec. They are being translated into English, and the few ones now available in that language have already known success. The series counts 12 books, and is followed by another series, called the "Enkidiev Inheritors", which has also become very famous in a short period of time. [title] Edson Chagas [text] Edson Chagas is an Angolan photographer. Trained as a photojournalist, his works explore cities and consumerism. In his "Found Not Taken" series, the artist resituates abandoned objects elsewhere within cities. Another series uses African masks as a trope for understanding consumerism in Luanda, his home city. Chagas is best known for representing Angola at the 2013 Venice Biennale, for which he won its Golden Lion for best national pavilion. He has also exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art and Brooklyn Museum. [title] Accel World [text] Accel World (アクセル・ワールド , Akuseru Wārudo ) is a Japanese light novel series written by Reki Kawahara and illustrated by HiMA. The series began publication in ASCII Media Works' "Dengeki Bunko" imprint from February 2009 and is licensed in North America by Yen Press. Two manga series began serialization in "Dengeki Bunko Magazine" from May 2010, with another series beginning serialization in "Dengeki Daioh" in January 2013. An anime adaptation by Sunrise aired in Japan between April and September 2012. An English-language version began streaming on Viz Media's Neon Alley service from April 2013. Two video games were released for the PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 3 on September 13, 2012, and January 31, 2013, each containing an original video animation episode. An anime film titled "" featuring an original story by Kawahara premiered in Japan on July 23, 2016. [title] Tiny House World [text] Tiny House World is an American reality television series that premiered on the FYI cable channel on November 21, 2015. The tiny house movement-inspired series features buyers in various locations around the world trying to find the best tiny homes that would satisfy their needs and budget. The show accompanies "Tiny House Hunting" and "Tiny House Nation", another series about tiny homes aired on the same network. The series is narrated by "Tiny House Nation" host John Weisbarth. [title] Amy Myers [text] Amy Myers (born 3 August 1938) is a British mystery writer. She is best known for her Marsh and Daughter mystery series, featuring a writing team consisting of a wheel-chair bound ex-policeman and his daughter, and for another series featuring a Victorian era chef, Auguste Didier. Myers' books have been favourably reviewed in "Library Journal", "Publishers Weekly", "Booklist", and "Kirkus Reviews". Myers has also been published several times in "Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine". Janet Hutchings, the magazine's longtime editor, called Myers "one of our best and most frequent contributors of historicals" (i.e., historical mysteries). [title] Melvin Claxton [text] Melvin L. Claxton (born in 1958) is an American journalist, author, and entrepreneur. He has written about crime, corruption, and the abuse of political power. He is best known for his 1995 series of investigative reports on corruption in the criminal justice system in the U.S. Virgin Islands and its links to the region's crime rate. His series earned the "Virgin Islands Daily News" the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service in 1995. Another series by Claxton, this time on the criminal justice system in Detroit, was a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize for Public Service in 2003. Claxton has won a number of national reporting awards and his work has been honored several times by the Associated Press managing editors. He is the founder and CEO of Epic 4D, an educational video game company. [title] Green Lake (North Cascades National Park) [text] Green Lake is located in North Cascades National Park, in the U. S. state of Washington. Situated 1.5 mi northeast of Bacon Peak, Green Lake receives some runoff from Green Lake Glacier which empties into the lake after plunging 375 ft over Bacon Lake Falls. Another series of waterfalls lie below Green Lake and are known as Green Lake Falls which drop another 979 ft .

Question
Trevor Wall is best known for directing Norm of the North and another series that premiered on Nicktoons on what date?
Answer(s):
October 11, 2010
