Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Little Caesars [text] Little Caesar Enterprises Inc. (doing business as Little Caesars) is the third-largest pizza chain in the United States, behind Pizza Hut and Domino's Pizza. It operates and franchises pizza restaurants in the United States and internationally in Asia, the Middle East, Australia, Canada, Latin America and the Caribbean. The company was founded in 1959 and is based in Detroit, Michigan, headquartered in the Fox Theatre building in Downtown. Little Caesar Enterprises, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Ilitch Holdings, Inc. [title] Ilitch Holdings [text] Ilitch Holdings, Inc. is an American company established in 1999 to provide all companies owned by Marian Ilitch with professional and technical services. The couple's privately held businesses include Little Caesars Pizza, the National Hockey League (NHL) Detroit Red Wings, the Major League Baseball (MLB) Detroit Tigers, Motor City Casino, Olympia Entertainment, Olympia Development, Blue Line Foodservice Distribution, Champion Foods, Little Caesars Pizza Kit Fund raising Program, and a variety of venues within these entities. Ilitch Holdings subsidiaries manage Detroit's Fox Theatre, City Theatre, Comerica Park, and the Joe Louis Arena. [title] Pizza in China [text] The presence of pizza restaurant chains has contributed to a significant increase in pizza consumption in China. This also had an effect of introducing cheese as a culinary ingredient and everyday food in China, which was relatively uncommon in Chinese cuisine prior to the emergence of pizza chains. Pizza Hut opened its first store in China in 1990, and several pizza restaurant chains exist in China today. [title] Pizza Hut Israel [text] Pizza Hut Israel (Hebrew: פיצה האט‎ ‎ ) is the Israeli franchise of Pizza Hut with 56 branches as of September 2014. Pizza Hut Israel is the largest pizza chain in Israel. [title] Pizza Hut [text] Pizza Hut is an American restaurant chain and international franchise founded in 1958 by Dan and Frank Carney. The company is known for its Italian-American cuisine menu including pizza and pasta, as well as side dishes and desserts. Pizza Hut has over 15,000 locations worldwide as of 2015, and is a subsidiary of Yum! Brands, Inc., one of the world's largest restaurant companies. [title] 2013 Little Caesars Pizza Bowl [text] The 2013 Little Caesars Pizza Bowl is an American college football bowl game that was played on December 26, 2013 at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan. The 17th edition of Little Caesars Pizza Bowl featured the Pittsburgh Panthers from the Atlantic Coast Conference against the Bowling Green Falcons from the Mid-American Conference. It was one of the 2013–14 bowl games that concluded the 2013 FBS football season. [title] The Pizza Head Show [text] The Pizza Head Show was the name of a live action spoof show used in Pizza Hut commercials from 1993 to 1997 to advertise their promotions and new kinds of pizza. The commercials starred a piece of pizza named Pizza Head, who had a face made out of different toppings and his pizza cutter nemesis named Steve who would try to cause him as much harm as possible. [title] JS Food Plan [text] JS Food Plan Co, Ltd. (commonly referred to as "JS" (which is an acronym for the Korean name Jae Sang) (hangul:제이에스 푸드플랜) is a franchised Korean pizza company headquartered in Yeoeuido-Dong Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, Korea, established in 1998 the company is currently CEO'd by Jeong Jae Sang (정재상). Its brand name is Pizza Segyero. (hangul:피자 세계로) In 2005, the company became an international franchise when it expanded to Beijing, China. The company is comparable to pizza restaurant chains such as Hankook Pizza Hut, Hankook Mr. Pizza, Chicken Nara, Domino Pizza Korea, Pizza Etang and Reach Beam. [title] WingStreet [text] WingStreet is a restaurant chain specializing in chicken. The restaurant chain is owned by Yum! Brands, which also owns its sister franchise Pizza Hut. As of September 2008, there were close to 1,600 locations in the U.S., Canada, and Australia. They are almost always co-located with Pizza Hut. [title] Pilsworth [text] Pilsworth is a small area in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury, Greater Manchester, England. It was most well known locally for homing Park 66, a leisure park that consisted of a cinema, a ten-pin bowling alley, an Asda superstore and a selection of restaurants such as Pizza Hut, McDonald's, Frankie & Benny's and Chiquito. However following the closure of the cinema most of the other retail and leisure venues followed suit with only Asda and McDonald's remaining. Pizza Hut and Frankie and Benny's closed in December 2014. The Asda storehasno plans to close.

Question
Little Caesars and Pizza Hut were founded in the 1950s within a year of each other. Which was the first to serve pizza?
Answer(s):
Pizza Hut
