Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] 32nd Filmfare Awards [text] The 32nd Filmfare Awards were held in 1985. Sai Paranjpye's Sparsh walked away with the big prizes. The film's release was delayed by almost 4 years. Anupam Kher won the Best Actor award for his first film, Saaransh. Anil Kapoor also won his first Filmfare Award this year. This year, the trend backed away from Parallel Cinema as more commercial films won awards. [title] Filmfare Award for Best Actor – Tamil [text] The Filmfare Best Actor Award is given by the "Filmfare" as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Tamil film lead actors. The Filmfare Awards South Awards were extended to "Best Actor" in 1972. The year indicates the year of release of the film. [title] Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor [text] The Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor is given by "Filmfare" as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films, to recognise a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role. Although the awards started in 1954, awards for the best supporting actor category started only the following year 1955. As of 2016, Pran, Amrish Puri, Amitabh Bachchan, Abhishek Bachchan and Anil Kapoor lead the list, with three wins each. Anil Kapoor currently also holds the record of being the youngest (Mashaal, 1985) recipient of the award, whereas Rishi Kapoor holds the record for being the eldest (Kapoor & Sons, 2017). [title] List of awards and nominations received by Suriya [text] Suriya is an Indian film actor, as well as a television host. He made his film debut in Nerrukku Ner (1997) which won him the Dinakaran Best New Face Actor. He won Tamil Nadu State Best Actor Award in 2002 for the film Nandha, which was the major break in his career. He won the first Filmfare Award, Best Supporting Actor in the film Pithamagan (2003) for his supporting role. Suriya has won three Filmfare Awards, four Vijay Awards. In 2009, he got Icon of the year Special Award for his contribution in Agaram Foundation by Vijay TV. [title] Filmfare Award for Best Actor [text] The Filmfare Award for Best Actor is given by "Filmfare" as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi (Bollywood) films, to recognise a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role. The award was first given in 1954. As of 2016, Dilip Kumar and Shah Rukh Khan lead the list, with eight wins each. In January 2017, Rishi Kapoor confessed that he had purchased the Filmfare Award for Best Actor (for Bobby) in 1974 for Rs.30,000. Roshan Kumar [title] Ajay Devgn filmography [text] Ajay Devgn is an Indian Bollywood film actor, director and producer who made his first screen appearance as a child artist in Bapu’s "Pyari Behna" (1985). His debut as a lead actor came in "Phool Aur Kaante" (1991), which won him the Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut. Devgn then played a kickboxer in the martial arts film "Jigar" (1992) and a blind character in the film "Vijaypath" (1994). Further success came with roles in the 1994 box-office hits "Suhaag" and "Dilwale". He garnered his first Filmfare Award for Best Actor nomination for his performance in the action drama "Naajayaz" (1995). Devgn received critical acclaim for his roles in "Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha" and the political drama "Zakhm" (both 1998), winning National Film Award for Best Actor for the latter. In 1999, he starred in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's "Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam", earning a Filmfare Best Actor nomination. In 2000, Devgn established his production house Ajay Devgn FFilms, produced and appeared as the protagonist in the commercially unsuccessful "Raju Chacha". He received a Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor nomination for his role as a dacoit in the drama "Lajja" (2001). [title] Vijay (1988 film) [text] Vijay (English: Victory ) is a 1988 Bollywood action film directed by Yash Chopra and featuring an ensemble star cast consisting of Rajesh Khanna, Hema Malini, Rishi Kapoor, Anil Kapoor, Meenakshi Seshadri, Raj Babbar, Moushmi Chatterjee and Anupam Kher in pivotal roles. Anupam Kher won the Filmfare Best Supporting Actor Award for his performance. The role played by Anil Kapoor was written originally for Mithun Chakraborty. [title] Anil Kapoor [text] Anil Kapoor (born 24 December 1956) is an Indian actor and producer who has appeared in many Bollywood films, as well as international films and television series. His career has spanned almost 40 years as an actor, and as a producer since 2005. He has won many awards in his career, including two National Film Awards and six Filmfare Awards in different acting categories. Kapoor is often credited as one of the most versatile and uncoventional actors of indian cinema. [title] Amitabh Bachchan filmography [text] Amitabh Bachchan is an Indian film actor, playback singer, producer and television personality. He made his acting debut in 1969 with "Saat Hindustani", and narrated Mrinal Sen's "Bhuvan Shome" (1969). He later appeared as Dr. Bhaskar Banerjee in Hrishikesh Mukherjee's "Anand" (1971), for which he won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor. In 1973, Bachchan played the role of Inspector Vijay Khanna in Prakash Mehra's action film "Zanjeer". He has since appeared in several films with the character name "Vijay". During the same year, he appeared in "Abhimaan" and "Namak Haraam". For the latter, he received the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor. Two years later he appeared along with Shashi Kapoor, in Yash Chopra's "Deewar", which earned him the Filmfare Award for Best Actor nomination. He was cited as the "angry young man" for his roles in "Deewaar" and "Zanjeer". Later he starred in Ramesh Sippy's "Sholay" (1975), which is considered to be one of the greatest Indian films of all time. After appearing in the romantic drama "Kabhie Kabhie" (1976), Bachchan starred in Manmohan Desai's action comedy "Amar Akbar Anthony" (1977). He won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for his performance in the latter. He then played dual roles of Don and Vijay in "Don" (1978). [title] Shruti Haasan filmography [text] Shruti Haasan is an Indian film actress, composer and playback singer who works in Telugu, Hindi, and Tamil cinema. Born into the prominent Haasan family, she is the daughter of actors Kamal Haasan and Sarika Thakur. Shruti Haasan started her career as a playback singer at the age of six in the 1992 Tamil film "Thevar Magan". She later made a cameo appearance in her father's Tamil-Hindi bilingual directorial "Hey Ram" (2000). Haasan's first major appearance was in Soham Shah's Hindi film "Luck" (2009), in which she played a dual role of a woman avenging her twin sister's death. She played the female lead in the films "Anaganaga O Dheerudu" and "7aum Arivu"; both were released in 2011 and together earned her the Best Female Debut – South at the 59th Filmfare Awards South ceremony. Her subsequent releases "Oh My Friend" (2011) and "3" (2012) were commercially unsuccessful. The latter earned her a nomination for the Best Actress – Tamil at the 60th Filmfare Awards South ceremony. A turning point came in Hassan's career with Harish Shankar's commercially successful Telugu film "Gabbar Singh" (2012). The release was followed by a series of successful films such as "Balupu" (2013) and "Yevadu" (2014). She received her first Filmfare Award for Best Actress – Telugu for her performance in "Race Gurram" (2014).

Question
In the 32nd Filmfare Awards, Anil Kapoor won his first Filmfare Award, but who won the Best Actor award for his film Saaransh?
Answer(s):
Anupam Kher
