Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Hurtigruten [text] Hurtigruten ("Express Route", also known as the Norwegian Coastal Express) is a Norwegian cruise, ferry and cargo operator. The company was founded in 1893 to operate voyages on Norway's western and northern coast between Bergen and Kirkenes. Hurtigruten ships sail almost the entire length of the country, crossing the arctic circle and completing the round-trip journey in 11 days. The trip has been described as the "World's Most Beautiful Sea Voyage," with stops in such places as Bergen, the Geiranger fjord, and the Lofoten Islands. The company has nearly 2% of the worldwide cruise market. More recently, Hurtigruten has begun operating cruises in other areas such as Greenland, Canada, South America, Iceland, Svalbard, and Antarctica. [title] Kirkenes Church [text] Kirkenes Church (Norwegian: "Kirkenes kirke" ) is the main parish church in Sør-Varanger Municipality, Finnmark county, Norway, ecclesiastically a part of the Sør-Varanger parish in the Varanger deanery of the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. It is located in the town of Kirkenes, just off the European route E6 highway. [title] Kirkenes [text] (, Kven: "Kirkkoniemi" , Russian: Киркенес , Finnish: "Kirkkoniemi" ) is a town in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, in the far northeastern part of Norway. The town lies on a peninsula along the Bøkfjorden, an arm of the large Varangerfjorden. The main church for Kirkenes is Kirkenes Church, located in the Haganes area of the town. [title] Sør-Varanger [text] Sør-Varanger (, Kven: "Etelä-Varenki" , Finnish: "Etelä-Varanki" , Russian: Сёр-Вара́нгер ) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Kirkenes. Other settlements in the municipality include the villages of Bjørnevatn, Bugøynes, Elvenes, Grense Jakobselv, Hesseng, Jakobsnes, Neiden, and Sandnes. Located west of the Norway–Russia border, Sør-Varanger is the only Norwegian municipality that shares a land border with Russia, with the only legal border crossing at Storskog. [title] Kirkenes Airport, Høybuktmoen [text] Kirkenes Airport, Høybuktmoen (Norwegian: "Kirkenes lufthavn, Høybuktmoen" ; IATA: KKN, ICAO: ENKR ) is an international airport located at Høybuktmoen, 15 km west of the town of Kirkenes, in the municipality of Sør-Varanger, Finnmark county, Norway. Operated by the state-owned Avinor, the airport has a single 2115 by asphalt runway numbered 06–24. Scandinavian Airlines and Norwegian Air Shuttle operate Boeing 737-services to Oslo Airport, Gardermoen, in part generated by Høybuktmoen's function as a hub for Widerøe's regional services to other airports in eastern Finnmark. There are also summer charter flights to Central Europe to bring tourists to the Hurtigruten cruises. The airport had 297,149 passengers in 2013. [title] Neiden Chapel [text] Neiden Chapel (Norwegian: "Neiden kapell" ) is a parish church in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It is located in the village of Neiden. The church is part of the Sør-Varanger parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1902 and it seats about 155 people. [title] Bugøynes Chapel [text] Bugøynes Chapel (Norwegian: "Bugøynes kapell" ) is a chapel in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It is located in the village of Bugøynes. The chapel is part of the Sør-Varanger parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1989 to serve the western part of the municipality. The church holds one regularly-scheduled worship service each month. [title] Garrison of Sør-Varanger [text] Garrison of Sør-Varanger (Norwegian: "Garnisonen i Sør-Varanger" , GSV) is a military camp of the Norwegian Army. It is located at Høybuktmoen in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The military camp sits adjacent to Kirkenes Airport, Høybuktmoen. The garrison is organized as a battalion and its main job is to guard the 196 km Norway–Russia border. It consists of the Training Company (UTDKP), the Support Company (GAKP) and the Border Company (GRKP). [title] King Oscar II Chapel [text] King Oscar II Chapel (Norwegian: "Kong Oscar IIs kapell" ) is a chapel in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It is located in the village of Grense Jakobselv. The chapel is part of the Sør-Varanger parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. This stone chapel was built in 1869 around 500 m (1600 ft) from the border with Russia. The chapel was designed by Jacob Wilhelm Nordan and it seats about 72 people. [title] Svanvik Church [text] Svanvik Church (Norwegian: "Svanvik kirke" ) is a parish church in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. It is located in the village of Svanvik in the Pasvikdalen valley, along the river Pasvikelva, right on the border with Russia. The church is part of the Sør-Varanger parish in the Varanger deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The wooden chapel was built in 1934 and it was consecrated on 5 September 1934. Pasvikdalen had finally gotten its own place of worship. During World War II, the chapel was located right in the firing line during the Russian invasion in 1944, but it received only minor damage and it was quickly repaired after the war.

Question
What town in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county was Hurtigruten founded to operate voyages to in 1893? 
Answer(s):
Kirkenes
