Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Laurel Regional Hospital [text] Laurel Regional Hospital is a community hospital located in Laurel, Maryland. [title] Laurel, Maryland [text] Laurel is a city in northern Prince George's County, Maryland, in the United States, located almost midway between Washington, D.C., and Baltimore on the banks of the Patuxent River. Founded as a mill town in the early 19th century, the arrival of the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad in 1835 expanded local industry and later enabled the city to become an early commuter town for Washington and Baltimore workers. Largely residential today, the city maintains a historic district centered on its Main Street, highlighting its industrial past. [title] Penticton Regional Hospital [text] Penticton Regional Hospital (PRH) is a hospital located in Penticton, British Columbia, which is a city in the Okanagan region of Canada. It is operated by Interior Health and affiliated with UBC Okanagan's Faculty of Medicine service. Penticton Regional Hospital was incorporated in 1913. [title] Midland Regional Hospital, Mullingar [text] Midland Regional Hospital, Mullingar (formerly known as "Longford-Westmeath Regional Hospital") is a public hospital located in Mullingar, County Westmeath, Ireland. It is managed by the Health Service Executive, and provides acute-care hospital services, including a 24-hour emergency department, for the population of County Westmeath and the Irish Midlands. In 2008, the hospital served 70,454 out-patients, and 18,951 in-patients, with an average stay of 3.0 nights. 69.0% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 12,114 patients. In 2007, 35,767 patients presented to the emergency department. The hospital saw 6,851 day cases in the same year. A large extension was built in the early 1990s to accommodate the ever-increasing population of the town. A change in government halted investment and the extension lay as an empty shell until late 2006 when funding was finally secured to ensure its completion. [title] Star Valley Medical Center [text] Star Valley Medical Center (SVMC) is a not-for-profit 22-bed Critical Access Hospital located in Afton, Wyoming. SVMC's actual name is the North Lincoln County Hospital District. The hospital serves the residents of Lincoln County. For five straight years, SVMC has been named one of the top 100 Critical Access Hospitals in the country. SVMC has been ranked in the top 20, two of those five years. In 2011 SVMC was named a top 100 Rural Hospital, as well as a 5 star Medicare rated Care Center. SVCM is important to the community because the nearest places to receive care (Jackson, Wyoming and Idaho Falls, Idaho) are both over an hour from Star Valley. Star Valley Medical Center has transfer agreements with Eastern Idaho Regional Medical Center in Idaho Falls, Primary Children's Hospital in Salt Lake City, Portneuf Medical Center in Pocatello, Idaho, and Logan Regional Hospital in Logan, Utah. Charlie Button is the current CEO of SVMC. [title] Vassar Brothers Medical Center [text] Vassar Brother Medical Center (locally known as Vassar Hospital or VBMC) is a major medical facility located in the city of Poughkeepsie, New York that is a member of the Health Quest network, a nonprofit family of hospitals and healthcare centers in the Hudson Valley area. VBMC is one of two major medical centers located in Dutchess County, New York, the other being Mid-Hudson Regional Hospital of Westchester Medical Center. The hospital was first incorporated in 1882 under the name Vassar Brothers Hospital, following contributions made by John Guy Vassar following the death of his brother. The hospital opened its doors in 1887, and initially had 40 beds divided up into four wards, each containing ten beds. At the time the hospital opened it also contained a labor and delivery ward, a children's ward, a nursery, three private rooms, and two isolation rooms. Several major renovations occurred in 1983, 1991, and 2001; adding critical care areas, a new operating and delivery wing, and a cancer care center, respectively. In 2002 Vassar Brothers Hospital officially became Vassar Brothers Medical Center. In September 2016, VBMC announced a new $500 million expansion which would almost double the number of available rooms. Construction on the expansion is expected to be completed in 2019. [title] University Hospital Limerick [text] University Hospital Limerick (formerly known as Limerick Regional Hospital or Mid-Western Regional Hospital, Limerick) is a hospital located in Dooradoyle, Limerick, Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services, including a 24-hour emergency department, for the population of Ireland's Mid West Region, encompassing; counties Limerick, Clare, North Tipperary, and South Tipperary. In 2008, the hospital served 120,316 out-patients, and 23,014 in-patients, with an average stay of 5.8 nights. 72.8% of admissions were made via the accident and emergency department or 16,720 patients. In total, 56,528 patients presented to the emergency department in 2008. The hospital saw 20,143-day cases in the same year. In July 2011, it was reported that the hospital would undergo its third name change in five years to become University Hospital Limerick following the establishment of the Graduate Medical School at the University of Limerick which is affiliated to the hospital. [title] Abbotsford Regional Hospital and Cancer Centre [text] Abbotsford Regional Hospital and Cancer Centre (ARHCC) is a 300-bed Canadian health care facility in the City of Abbotsford, British Columbia that houses the acute care Abbotsford Regional Hospital (ARH) operated by Fraser Health and the regional cancer facility (Abbotsford Centre) operated by the BC Cancer Agency. [title] Mills Memorial Hospital [text] Mills Memorial Hospital is a medical facility located in Terrace, British Columbia with 39 acute care beds. Mills Memorial operates within the North West Regional Hospital District, an area in northern British Columbia designated by provincial law for the purposes of funding and operating hospitals in the area. The North West Regional Hospital District is under the jurisdiction of Northern Health, an administrative body responsible for the delivery of health care services across northern British Columbia. The facility is also supported by a volunteer hospital auxiliary. [title] Boca Raton Regional Hospital [text] Boca Raton Regional Hospital is a 400-bed not-for-profit health care organization located in Boca Raton, Florida. Born out of compelling need in 1967, Boca Raton Regional Hospital has consistently focused its efforts and its resources on one mission and one purpose only; the health and welfare of the patients it serves. Now, some forty years later, that singular approach to medicine has placed the Hospital in the vanguard of patient care in such areas as Cardiovascular Care, Oncology, Women’s Health, Orthopaedics, Emergency Medicine and the Neurosciences. With 400 licensed beds, 800 physicians, a nursing and support staff of 2000 and 1200 volunteers, Boca Raton Regional Hospital has evolved from a capable community hospital into one of the preeminent medical centers in Florida.

Question
In what county is the city in which Laurel Regional Hospital is located located?
Answer(s):
Prince George's County
