Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] The Rage (Canada's Wonderland) [text] The Rage (formerly known as Viking's Rage) is a swinging ship ride at Canada's Wonderland. The Rage was the first of three swinging pendulum rides that operated at the park. Today, there are only two pendulum rides at the park after Jet Scream was removed to make room for WindSeeker. The ride is also very similar to Jet Scream (now removed) with the only difference of The Rage not going upside down. [title] Blackstrap Provincial Park [text] Blackstrap Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It consists of a conservation area with a man made lake, a campground, and a man made mountain, Blackstrap Ski Hill. The park is located east of Dundurn and accessed via Saskatchewan Highway 211. The ski hill was first developed in 1970 for the Canada Winter Games and operated until 2007. The provincial park was established in 1986. [title] Daisy Lake Uplands Provincial Park [text] Daisy Lake Uplands Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Canadian province of Ontario. Surrounding Daisy Lake in the city of Greater Sudbury, the park serves to protect a recovering ecosystem scarred by pollution from the city's mining industry; one of the industry's first roasting beds in the region was located just east of the park boundaries. The park's ecosystem includes white birch trees, grasses, sedges, rock barrens and bog vegetation. The site is designated as a control area for ecological research — unlike in other parts of the city, where extensive environmental mitigation and recovery programs have been undertaken since the 1970s, Daisy Lake Uplands is set aside for study of the site's ability to recover on its own without human intervention. The park was first proposed for creation in 2003, and was officially designated by an amendment to the Ontario Provincial Parks Act in 2006. [title] Parkland Region [text] Parkland is a region in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It is located in the western part of the province, between Lake Manitoba and Lake Winnipegosis on the east and the Manitoba – Saskatchewan border on the west. The region comprises three of Statistics Canada's census divisions of Canada. Manitoba Census Divisions No. 16, No. 17, and No. 20, which together have a land area of 28,209.93 km² (10,891.91 sq mi) and a population of 42,088 (2011 census) are contained within the region. The largest population centre is the city of Dauphin, and the second largest is the town of Swan River. Riding Mountain National Park, Duck Mountain Provincial Park and Asessippi Provincial Park are located in the region. Manitoba's highest point, Baldy Mountain, is also located here. [title] Manitoba Lotteries Corporation [text] The Manitoba Lotteries Corporation (MLC) was a crown corporation that controlled and operated gambling in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It manages two casinos in Winnipeg: McPhillips Station Casino and Club Regent Casino. MLC also operated video lottery terminals, and is responsible for the distribution of all lottery products to a network of retailers in the province. MLC was succeeded by the Manitoba Liquor & Lotteries Corporation in 2013. [title] East Kelowna [text] East Kelowna is a community located in the Okanagan region of the Canadian province of British Columbia. Situated on bench land east of Okanagan Lake, it is within the boundaries of the city of Kelowna. A post office opened on 1 November 1909 (which closed in 1926 and reopened two years later) and was officially identified as "East Kelowna" on December 31, 1982. It took its current name from Kelowna, referring to "grizzly bear" in the Okanagan language, and its position east of the central business district. The neighborhood has operated a community centre since 1940, which has been designated a historic place of the Central Okanagan regional district since 2001. A general recreational complex, East Kelowna Park, serves local residents. [title] TVOntario [text] TVOntario (often shortened to TVO and stylized on-air as tvo) is a Canadian publicly funded English language educational television station and media organization serving the Canadian province of Ontario. It is operated by the Ontario Educational Communications Authority, a Crown corporation owned by the Government of Ontario. It operates two television stations: CICA-DT (virtual and UHF digital channel 19) in Toronto and CICO-DT-24 (virtual and UHF digital channel 24) in Ottawa, these two stations relay their programming across portions of Ontario through seven rebroadcast stations. It is available on pay television (cable, satellite, IPTV) providers throughout Ontario, all providers in the province are required to carry it on their basic tier, and programming can be streamed online. [title] Deeds registration [text] Deeds registration is a land management system whereby all important instruments which relate to the common law title to parcels of land are registered on a government-maintained register. Deeds registration systems were set up to facilitate the transfer of title. The system had been used in some common law jurisdictions and continues to be used in some jurisdictions, including most of the United States. It is being replaced by Torrens systems in many jurisdictions. Australia, Ireland, Hong Kong as well as most Canadian provinces have converted from Deeds registries to Torrens titles. Some Canadian provinces have never operated a Deeds registry and have always used Torrens titles. Other Canadian provinces which have converted from a Deeds registry to Torrens titles have operated both systems in conjunction until the Torrens system gradually superseded the Deeds registry system, as was the case in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick during the 2000s. In the Canadian province of Ontario, electronic registration led to Ontario's version of Torrens title covering almost all land, but the past deeds registration still governs some issues. The Canadian provinces of Quebec, Newfoundland and Labrador and Prince Edward Island are the only provinces left which still operate a Deeds registration system. [title] WindSeeker [text] WindSeeker (known as SteelHawk at Worlds of Fun) is a 301 ft swing ride at several Cedar Fair parks. The rides are Wind Seeker models manufactured by Mondial. They opened for the 2011 season at Canada's Wonderland in Ontario, Cedar Point and Kings Island in Ohio, and Knott's Berry Farm in California. Carowinds in North Carolina and Kings Dominion in Virginia opened their WindSeekers in 2012. The first four each cost US$5,000,000, and the next two each cost $6,500,000. Cedar Fair relocated the Knott's Berry Farm WindSeeker to Worlds of Fun in 2014, where it is known as SteelHawk. [title] Peace Wapiti School Division No. 76 [text] Peace Wapiti Public School Division No. 76 or Peace Wapiti Public School Division is a public school authority within the Canadian province of Alberta operated out of Grande Prairie. Peace Wapiti Public School Division provides service to more than 6,000 students in Kindergarten through Grade 12 in 32 schools, including seven Hutterite colony schools and an outreach and online school – Peace Academy of Virtual Education (PAVE) located in Spirit River. High School programs are operated in eight schools – Spirit River Regional Academy, Beaverlodge Regional High School, Eaglesham School, Ridgevalley School, Savanna School, Sexsmith Secondary School, Peace Wapiti Academy and Peace Academy of Virtual Education (PAVE). The Board also operates a group home facility serving students in Northern Alberta.

Question
The park in which the ride The Rage is operated is located in what Canadian province?
Answer(s):
Ontario
