Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Enterprise, Nevada [text] Enterprise is an unincorporated town and census-designated place and part of Las Vegas Township in Clark County, Nevada, United States, south of Las Vegas. The population was 108,481 at the 2010 census, up from 14,676 at the 2000 census. As an unincorporated town, it is governed by the Clark County Commission with input from the Enterprise Town Advisory Board. Enterprise was formed in December 1996. [title] Winchester, Nevada [text] Winchester is an unincorporated town and census-designated place (CDP) and part of Las Vegas Township in Clark County, Nevada, United States that contains part of the Las Vegas Strip. It is one of a number of CDPs in the unincorporated urbanized area directly south of Las Vegas. The population was 27,978 at the 2010 census. It is governed by the Clark County Commission with advice from the Winchester Town Advisory Board. "Winchester, NV" does not appear in postal addresses; the United States Postal Service has assigned "Las Vegas, NV" as the place name for the ZIP codes containing Winchester. [title] Point Reyes Station, California [text] Point Reyes Station (formerly, Marin and Olema Station) is a small unincorporated town located in western Marin County, California. Point Reyes Station is located 13 mi south-southeast of Tomales, at an elevation of 39 ft . Point Reyes Station is located along State Route 1 and is a gateway to the Point Reyes National Seashore, an extremely popular national preserve. About 350 people live in the town. It is also the name of a census-designated place (CDP) in northern California covering the unincorporated town and surrounding countryside, with a total CDP population of 848. [title] Battle Born Studios [text] Battle Born Studios, located in the Winchester, Nevada, is a 2000 sqft recording studio owned by The Killers. The studio has hosted groups including Mötley Crüe, B.B. King, Elton John, The Killers, and Imagine Dragons. [title] Flamingo (Brandon Flowers album) [text] Flamingo is the debut solo studio album by American singer-songwriter and The Killers lead singer Brandon Flowers, released on September 3, 2010 by Island Records. It was recorded at Battle Born Studios in Winchester, Nevada, and Henson Recording Studios in Hollywood, California. The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart. [title] Hell and Silence [text] Hell and Silence is the second extended play (EP) by American rock band Imagine Dragons, released on June 1, 2010. It was recorded at Battle Born Studios. All songs were written by Imagine Dragons and self-produced; the EP was in part mixed by Grammy nominated engineer Mark Needham. Most of the songs on this EP were remastered and included on the "Continued Silence EP" and/or "Night Visions", excluding "All Eyes" and "Emma". [title] Nevada [text] Nevada (Spanish for "snowy"; see pronunciations) is a state in the Western, Mountain West, and Southwestern regions of the United States of America. Nevada is the 7th most extensive, the 34th most populous, but the 9th least densely populated of the 50 United States. Nearly three-quarters of Nevada's people live in Clark County, which contains the Las Vegas–Paradise metropolitan area where three of the state's four largest incorporated cities are located. Nevada's capital is Carson City. Nevada is officially known as the "Silver State" because of the importance of silver to its history and economy. It is also known as the "Battle Born State", because it achieved statehood during the Civil War (the words "Battle Born" also appear on the state flag); as the "Sagebrush State", for the native plant of the same name; and as the "Sage-hen State". Nevada borders Oregon to the northwest, Idaho to the northeast, California to the west, Arizona to the southeast and Utah to the east. [title] The Loudest Engine [text] The Loudest Engine is the third studio album of London-based Australian indie rock band Howling Bells. The album was released through Cooking Vinyl on 9 September 2011 to mostly positive reviews. It was produced by Mark Stoermer and recorded at Battle Born Studios, in Las Vegas from September to October 2010. [title] Imagine Dragons (EP) [text] Imagine Dragons is an EP by American rock band Imagine Dragons, released in 2009 in the United States. It was recorded at Battle Born Studios. All songs were written by Imagine Dragons and self-produced. Engineering was by Robert Root. Tracks from the EP featured on Windows Media Player after the band won a competition on Reverbnation. "I Need a Minute" was featured on hit predictor CrazedHits.com. [title] The Desired Effect [text] The Desired Effect is the second studio album by American singer/songwriter and The Killers frontman Brandon Flowers, released in Ireland on May 15, 2015, in the United Kingdom on May 18, 2015 and on May 19, 2015 in the United States. It was recorded at Battle Born Studios, Winchester, Nevada. It was produced by Ariel Rechtshaid and Brandon Flowers and mixed by Alan Moulder. The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, making it Flowers' sixth overall UK number-one record.

Question
Battle Born Studios is located in the unincorporated town that is part of what county?
Answer(s):
Clark County
