Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Elf [text] An elf (plural: "elves") is a type of human-shaped supernatural being in Germanic mythology and folklore. Reconstructing the early concept of an elf depends almost entirely on texts in Old English or relating to Norse mythology. Later evidence for elves appears in diverse sources such as medical texts, prayers, ballads, and folktales. [title] Dwarf (mythology) [text] In Germanic mythology, a dwarf is a human-shaped entity that dwells in mountains and in the earth, and is variously associated with wisdom, smithing, mining, and crafting. Dwarfs are often also described as short and ugly, although some scholars have questioned whether this is a later development stemming from comical portrayals of the beings. Dwarfs continue to be depicted in modern popular culture in a variety of media. [title] Supernatural Law [text] Supernatural Law, previously known as Wolff and Byrd, Counselors of the Macabre, is a comic strip, comic book and web comic series written and illustrated by Batton Lash. The series features the law practice of Alanna Wolff and Jeff Byrd, who specialize in serving the legal needs of monsters and other supernatural beings, or those who find themselves in conflict with such beings. Wolff and Byrd themselves are human, as is their secretary Mavis. The series tagline is ""Beware the creatures of the night — they have lawyers!"" [title] Fairy tale [text] A fairy tale is a type of short story that typically features folkloric fantasy characters, such as dwarfs, dragons, elves, fairies, giants, gnomes, goblins, griffins, mermaids, talking animals, trolls, unicorns, or witches, and usually magic or enchantments. Fairy tales may be distinguished from other folk narratives such as legends (which generally involve belief in the veracity of the events described) and explicitly moral tales, including beast fables. The term is mainly used for stories with origins in European tradition and, at least in recent centuries, mostly relates to children's literature. [title] The Happy Hypocrite [text] The Happy Hypocrite: A Fairy Tale for Tired Men is a short story with moral implications, first published in a separate volume by Max Beerbohm in 1897. His earliest short story, "The Happy Hypocrite" first appeared in Volume XI of "The Yellow Book" in October, 1896. Beerbohm's tale is a lighter, more humorous version of Oscar Wilde's classic tale of moral degeneration, "The Picture of Dorian Gray". [title] The Fisherman and His Wife [text] "The Fisherman and His Wife" is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm, tale no. 19. It is Aarne–Thompson type 555, the fisherman and his wife. Its theme was used in "The Tale of the Fisherman and the Fish", an 1833 poem by Aleksandr Pushkin. Virginia Woolf has her character Mrs. Ramsey in "To the Lighthouse" read a version of the story to her son, James. Günter Grass's 1977 novel, "The Flounder," is loosely based on the fairy tale, as are Emanuele Luzzati's version, "Punch and the Magic Fish," and Ursula LeGuin's novel "The Lathe of Heaven". [title] The Nine Peahens and the Golden Apples [text] The Nine Peahens and the Golden Apples ("Zlatna jabuka i devet paunica") is a Serbian epic poetry. It was published for the first time as a fairy tale by Vuk Stefanović Karadžić in 1853. Later on it was published as a Bulgarian fairy tale by A. H. Wratislaw in his "Sixty Folk-Tales from Exclusively Slavonic Sources", number 38 in 1890. Andrew Lang included it in "The Violet Fairy Book", as a translation from a German version of Karadžić's original tale. Ruth Manning-Sanders included it in "". It is Aarne-Thompson type 400*, the swan maiden. [title] The Buried Moon [text] The Buried Moon or The Dead Moon is a fairy tale included by Joseph Jacobs in "More English Fairy Tales". It is a striking unusual tale, with few variants, and often appearing more mythological than is common for fairy tales. It was collected by Mrs. Balfour from the North Lincolnshire Carrs in the Ancholme Valley; its unusual characteristics made many people doubt its origins as a fairy tale. However, when Mrs. Balfour published her notes, they were generally found reliable, and the Fens proved to have many other unusual legends. The story may be evidence of moon worship. [title] The Fire-Fairy [text] "The Fire-Fairy" or "The Dancing Fire Maid" (Russian: Огневушка-поскакушка , Ognevushka-poskakushka , lit. "the hopping fire girl") is a fairy tale short story written by Pavel Bazhov, based on the folklore of the Ural region of Siberia. It was first published in 1940 in the children's stories collection "Morozko" released by Sverdlovsk Publishing House. It was later included in the "The Malachite Casket" collection. In this fairy tale, the characters meet the female creature from the Ural folklore called Poskakushka (lit. "the jumping/hopping girl"), who can do the magical dance that reveals gold deposits. This is one of the most popular stories of the collection. It was translated from Russian into English by Alan Moray Williams in 1944, and by Eve Manning in the 1950s. [title] Silver Hoof [text] "Silver Hoof" (Russian: Серебряное копытце , "Serebrjanoe kopyttse" , lit. "Small Silver Hoof") is a fairy tale short story written by Pavel Bazhov, based on the folklore of the Ural region of Siberia. It was first published in "Uralsky Sovremennik" in 1938, and later included in the "The Malachite Casket" collection. In this fairy tale, the characters meet the legendary zoomorphic creature from the Ural folklore called Silver Hoof. In 1944 the story was translated from Russian into English by Alan Moray Williams and published by Hutchinson. In the 1950s another translation was made by Eve Manning. It was included in James Riordan's collection of stories "The Mistress of the Copper Mountain: Tales from the Urals", published in 1974 by Frederick Muller Ltd. Riordan heard the tales from a headteacher when he was bedridden in Sverdlovsk. After returning to England he rewrote the tales from memory, checking them against Bazhov's book. He preferred not to call himself "translator", he believed that "communicator" was more appropriate.

Question
 A fairy tale is a type of short story that features  human-shaped supernatural beings in Germanic what?
Answer(s):
mythology and folklore
