Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Argyranthemum [text] Argyranthemum (marguerite, marguerite daisy, dill daisy) is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Asteraceae. Members of this genus are sometimes also placed in the genus "Chrysanthemum". [title] Orontium [text] Orontium , sometimes called golden-club, is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araceae. The single living species in the genus is "Orontium aquaticum", while the two other described species, "Orontium mackii" and "Orontium wolfei", are known from fossils. [title] Orontium mackii [text] Orontium mackii is an extinct golden club species in the family Araceae described from a series of isolated fossil leaves. The species is known from Late Cretaceous sediments exposed in the state of New Mexico in the United States of America. It is one of several extinct species placed in the living golden-club genus "Orontium". [title] Orontium wolfei [text] Orontium wolfei is an extinct golden-club species in the family Araceae described from a series of isolated fossil leaves. The species is known from Eocene sediments exposed in the state of Washington in the United States of America and the province of British Columbia in Canada. It is one of several extinct species placed in the living golden-club genus "Orontium". [title] Calloideae [text] Calloideae is a monotypic subfamily of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The single genus in the family is Calla, although in the past under Engler's description of Araceae it included four genera, namely Lysichiton, Symplocarpus, Orontium, and Calla. The subfamily was subsequently made monotypic and given a single tribe, Callea. Species in Calloideae are often found in marshy habitats in the northern hemisphere. Trichosclereids are not found in the flowers. [title] Misopates orontium [text] Misopates orontium is a herbaceous annual plant of the family Plantaginaceae. It is a native of disturbed ground in Europe. It is also naturalised as a weed in other parts of the world such as North America. The pink flowers resemble a miniature Snapdragon and are followed by a hairy green fruit which is said to resemble a weasel's snout. [title] Orontium aquaticum [text] Orontium aquaticum , sometimes called golden-club, floating arum, never-wets or tawkin, is a species of flowering plants in the Araceae family. It is the single living species in the genus "Orontium", which also contains several extinct species described from fossils. "O. aquaticum" is endemic to the eastern United States and is found growing in ponds, streams, and shallow lakes. It prefers an acidic environment. The leaves are pointed and oval with a water repellent surface. The inflorescence is most notable for having an extremely small almost indistinguishable sheath surrounding the spadix. Very early in the flowering this green sheath withers away leaving only the spadix. The sheath was originally classified by Adolf Engler as a spathe due it being the last foliar piece before the spadix. He also noted that species lacked a sympodial leaf. However, in a 1988 paper by Thomas Ray, he argued that the structure was misidentified by Engler and was actually a sympodial leaf. According to Ray the spathe was missing and not the sympodial leaf. This interpretation was determined based on observations of morphological charactestics namely the appearance of a two-keeled bracteole and its positioning. Despite this, the floral structure is still commonly identified in the literature as being a spathe. The flowering occurs in the spring. Native Americans once ate the seeds and rhizome by drying them out and grinding them into a starchy substance. [title] Orontioideae [text] Orontioideae is a subfamily of flowering plants in the Araceae family. The subfamily consists of three genera namely, "Lysichiton" (one to two species of skunk cabbage from North America and Asia), "Orontium" (golden club, one living species from eastern North America and two extinct species known from fossils), and "Symplocarpus" (several species of skunk cabbage from North America and Asia). Characteristics of Orontioideae include medium sized pollen grains and subterranean stems. Species in the subfamily have a base chromosome number of X=13.

Question
Are Argyranthemum and Orontium in the same family?
Answer(s):
no
