Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Babylonian mathematics [text] Babylonian mathematics (also known as "Assyro-Babylonian mathematics") was any mathematics developed or practiced by the people of Mesopotamia, from the days of the early Sumerians to the fall of Babylon in 539 BC. Babylonian mathematical texts are plentiful and well edited. In respect of time they fall in two distinct groups: one from the Old Babylonian period (1830–1531 BC), the other mainly Seleucid from the last three or four centuries BC. In respect of content there is scarcely any difference between the two groups of texts. Thus Babylonian mathematics remained constant, in character and content, for nearly two millennia. [title] Tapputi [text] Tapputi, also referred to as Tapputi-Belatekallim ("Belatekallim" refers to female overseer of a palace), is considered to be the world’s first chemist, a perfume-maker mentioned in a cuneiform tablet dated around 1200 BC in Babylonian Mesopotamia. She used flowers, oil, and calamus along with cyperus, myrrh, and balsam. She added water or other solvents then distilled and filtered several times. This is also the oldest referenced still. [title] Super Science Friends [text] Super Science Friends is an animated series created by Brett Jubinville and broadcast worldwide on YouTube and on Cartoon Hangover's VRV Channel in the United States. The series revolves around a group of super-powered scientists, including Albert Einstein, Nikola Tesla, Marie Curie, Charles Darwin, Sigmund Freud and Tapputi, who are brought together by Winston Churchill to travel through time fighting super-villains. The pilot episode Episode 1: The Phantom Premise was successfully Kickstarted in late 2014, and aired on YouTube in 2016. In 2017, Neil deGrasse Tyson joined the cast for Episode 3: Nobel of the Ball as the MC of the Nobel Prize Awards. [title] The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1952 [text] The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1952 is a 1952 anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Everett F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1953 under the title "The Best Science Fiction Stories: Third Series". The stories had originally appeared in 1951 and 1952 in the magazines "Super Science Stories", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Galaxy Science Fiction", "Worlds Beyond", "Startling Stories", "New Worlds", "Marvel Science Fiction", "Esquire", "Man’s World" and "Suspense Magazine". [title] Science Fiction Carnival [text] Science Fiction Carnival is an anthology of humorous science fiction stories edited by American writers Fredric Brown and Mack Reynolds. It was published by Shasta Publishers in 1953 in an edition of 3,500 copies. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines "Super Science Stories", "Fantasy and Science Fiction", "Astounding", "Worlds Beyond", "Slant", "Imagination", "Space Science Fiction", "Thrilling Wonder Stories" and "Blue Book". [title] Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1952 [text] Year’s Best Science Fiction Novels: 1952 is a 1952 anthology of science fiction novels and novellas edited by E. F. Bleiler and T. E. Dikty. An abridged edition was published in the UK by Grayson in 1954 under the title "The Year’s Best Science Fiction Novels". The stories had originally appeared in 1951 in the magazines "Astounding", "Super Science Stories" and "Two Complete Science-Adventure Books". [title] Super Science Stories [text] Super Science Stories was an American pulp science fiction magazine published by Popular Publications from 1940 and 1943, and again from 1949 to 1951. Popular launched it under their "Fictioneers" imprint, which they used for magazines paying writers less than one cent per word. Frederik Pohl was hired in late 1939, at 19 years old, to edit the magazine; he also edited "Astonishing Stories", a companion science fiction publication. Pohl left in mid-1941, and "Super Science Stories" was given to Alden H. Norton to edit; a few months later Norton rehired Pohl as an assistant. Popular gave Pohl a very low budget, so most manuscripts submitted to "Super Science Stories" had already been rejected by the higher-paying magazines. This made it difficult to acquire good fiction, but Pohl was able to acquire stories for the early issues from the Futurians, a group of young science fiction fans and aspiring writers. [title] Super Science High School [text] Super Science High School (SSH) is a designation awarded by the Japanese Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT) to upper secondary schools that prioritize science, technology, and mathematics. The program was launched as part of its "Science Literacy Enhancement Initiatives" in 2002. Schools with this status receive increased funding and are encouraged to develop links with universities and other academic institutions. [title] Robert A. W. Lowndes [text] Robert Augustine Ward "Doc" Lowndes (September 4, 1916 – July 14, 1998) was an American science fiction author, editor and fan. He was known best as the editor of "Future Science Fiction", "Science Fiction", and "Science Fiction Quarterly", among many other crime-fiction, western, sports-fiction, and other pulp and digest sized magazines for Columbia Publications. Among the most famous writers he was first to publish at Columbia was mystery writer Edward D. Hoch, who in turn would contribute to Lowndes's fiction magazines as long as he was editing them.Lowndes was a principal member of the Futurians. His first story, "The Outpost at Altark"for "Super Science" in 1940, was written in collaboration with fellow Futurian Donald A. Wollheim, uncredited. [title] The Imaginary (short story) [text] "The Imaginary" is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It first appeared in the November 1942 issue of "Super Science Stories" and was reprinted in the 1972 collection "The Early Asimov". Following the sale of "Half-Breeds on Venus", which was a sequel to "Half-Breed", Asimov suggested to "Astounding Science Fiction" editor John W. Campbell that he write a sequel to the story "Homo Sol". Campbell was unenthusiastic, but agreed. Since "The Imaginary" lacked the human-alien conflict that he had liked in the earlier story, Campbell ultimately rejected it. "The Imaginary" was the twenty-first story written by Asimov, and the twenty-ninth to be published. Due to the peculiar workings of the science fiction magazine publishing industry, "The Imaginary" appeared a month after the third story in the Homo Sol Trilogy, "The Hazing".

Question
What  Babylonian chemist is a character on Super Science Friends
Answer(s):
Tapputi
