Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Trouble in Tahiti [text] Trouble in Tahiti is a one-act opera in seven scenes composed by Leonard Bernstein with an English libretto by the composer, dedicated to Marc Blitzstein. It is the darkest among Bernstein's "musicals", and the only one for which he wrote the words as well as the music. The opera received its first performance on 12 June 1952 at Bernstein's Festival of the Creative Arts on the campus of Brandeis University in Waltham, Massachusetts to an audience of nearly 3,000 people. The NBC Opera Theatre subsequently presented the opera on television in November 1952, a production which marked mezzo-soprano Beverly Wolff's professional debut in the role of Dinah. Wolff later reprised the role in the New York City Opera's first staging of the work in 1958. The original work is about 40 minutes long. [title] Tale for a Deaf Ear [text] Tale for a Deaf Ear is an opera in one act with music and lyrics by Mark Bucci, sung in three languages and based on a story by Elizabeth Enright that appeared in the April 1951 edition of "Harper's Magazine". The work was commissioned by Samuel Wechsler for performance at the 1957 Tanglewood Music Festival. The work received an enthusiastic response from an overflow audience of 1,300 when it premiered at Tanglewood on August 5, 1957. The cast was of student artists, of which Billings and Kraft went on to have successful opera careers and Purrington became a nationally known opera director and administrator. The production was directed by the great impresario Boris Goldovsky. The opera received its first professional production at the New York City Opera on April 6, 1958, in a double billing with Leonard Bernstein's "Trouble in Tahiti". The production was staged at New York City Center by director Michael Pollock and using costumes and sets designed by Paul Sylbert. [title] Hamdard University [text] Hamdard University (Urdu: ) is a private research university with campuses in Karachi and Islamabad, Pakistan. It was founded in 1991 by the renowned philanthropist Hakim Said of the Hamdard Foundation. Hamdard is one of the first and the oldest private institutions of higher education in Pakistan. In Karachi, Hamdard University is the largest private research university with a campus area of over 350 acres. [title] Johns Hopkins University [text] The Johns Hopkins University (commonly referred to as Johns Hopkins, JHU, or simply Hopkins) is an American private research university in Baltimore, Maryland. Founded in 1876, the university was named for its first benefactor, the American entrepreneur, abolitionist, and philanthropist Johns Hopkins. His $7 million bequest—of which half financed the establishment of Johns Hopkins Hospital—was the largest philanthropic gift in the history of the United States at that time. Daniel Coit Gilman, who was inaugurated as the institution's first president on February 22, 1876, led the university to revolutionize higher education in the U.S. by integrating teaching and research. Adopting the concept of a graduate school from Germany's ancient Heidelberg University, Johns Hopkins University is considered the first research university in the United States. [title] Brandeis University [text] Brandeis University is an American private research university in Waltham, Massachusetts, 9 miles (14 km) west of Boston. [title] Poornima University [text] Poornima University is located in Jaipur, Rajasthan, India. Poornima University (PU) is a private research university in Jaipur, India established by an act of the Rajasthan legislature. Poornima University was established in 2012 with an enrollment of 800 students. In 2016, PU had more than 2700 students from all over the country enrolled in more than 20 courses. Poornima University is recognized by University Grants Commission (UGC). Its architecture program is approved by Council of Architecture (COA) and interior designing program is approved by the Institute of Indian Interior Designers (IIID). Poornima University received the award for Best Upcoming University of India by ASSOCHAM, New Delhi. Motto of PU is “Your Dreams Our Goal”, following this Poornima admits student as they are and make them industry ready employable youth and launches them on the path of career growth and success [title] University of Southern California [text] The University of Southern California (USC or SC) is a private research university located in Los Angeles, California. Founded in 1880, it is the oldest private research university in California. USC has historically educated a large number of the region's business leaders and professionals. In recent decades, the university has also leveraged its location in Los Angeles to establish relationships with research and cultural institutions throughout Asia and the Pacific Rim. An engine for economic activity, USC contributes $8 billion annually to the economy of the Los Angeles metropolitan area and California. [title] Emory University [text] Emory University is a private research university in metropolitan Atlanta, located in the Druid Hills section of DeKalb County, Georgia, United States. The university was founded as Emory College in 1836 in Oxford, Georgia by the Methodist Episcopal Church and was named in honor of Methodist bishop John Emory. In 1915, the college relocated to metropolitan Atlanta and was rechartered as Emory University. The university is the second-oldest private institution of higher education in Georgia and among the fifty oldest private universities in the United States. Emory is frequently cited as one of the world's leading research universities and one of the top institutions in the United States. [title] Clarkson University [text] Clarkson University is a private research university with its main campus located in Potsdam, New York, and additional graduate program and research facilities in New York State's Capital Region and Beacon, N.Y. It was founded in 1896 and has an enrollment of about 4,300 students studying toward bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees in each of its schools or institutes: the Institute for a Sustainable Environment, the School of Arts & Sciences, the School of Business and the Wallace H. Coulter School of Engineering. Clarkson University ranks #8 among "Top Salary-Boosting Colleges" nationwide. The Carnegie foundation classified Clarkson University as a "High Research Activity" institution. [title] Tufts University [text] Tufts University is a private research university incorporated in the municipality of Medford, Massachusetts, United States. Tufts College was founded in 1852 by Christian Universalists who worked for years to open a nonsectarian institution of higher learning. Charles Tufts donated the land for the campus on Walnut Hill, the highest point in Medford, saying that he wanted to set a "light on the hill". The name was changed to Tufts University in 1954, although the corporate name remains "the Trustees of Tufts College". For more than a century, Tufts was a small New England liberal arts college until its transformation into a larger research university in the 1970s. Tufts is a charter member of the New England Small College Athletic Conference (NESCAC). In 2017, the university accepted 14.8% of undergraduate applicants from a pool of 21,101. In 2016, it was ranked 27th nationally and 156th internationally by "U.S. News & World Report".

Question
What private research university did the opera Trouble in Tahiti make it's first performance?
Answer(s):
Brandeis University
