Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Libertia [text] Libertia is a genus of monocotyledenous plants in the family Iridaceae, first described as a genus in 1824. It is native to South America, Australia, New Guinea, and New Zealand. Seven species are endemic to New Zealand. [title] Tetrapathaea [text] Tetrapathaea tetrandra is a plant species endemic to New Zealand, the only species of the genus Terapathaea currently recognized. Common names include Kohia, New Zealand passionflower, New Zealand passion vine and New Zealand passionfruit. [title] Dypsis [text] Dypsis is a genus of flowering plants in the Arecaceae family. They are slender, evergreen palms with yellow flowers carried in panicles amongst the pinnate leaves. Many "Dypsis" species have aerial branching (above the main trunk), a rare growth habit among palms. Some have marcescent leaves that remain attached after death and trap litter for nutrients. [title] Libertia ixioides [text] Libertia ixioides ("mānga-a-Huripapa", "mikoikoi" or "tūkāuki") is a flowering plant in the family Iridaceae. The species is endemic to New Zealand. It is a rhizome-forming herbaceous perennial. The Latin "ixioides" means like an ixia, due to its similarities with that plant species. [title] Invasive species of New Zealand origin [text] Some species endemic to New Zealand are causing problems in other countries, similar to the way introduced species in New Zealand cause problems for agriculture and indigenous biodiversity. [title] Sigaus [text] The genus Sigaus is endemic to New Zealand and with all but one species endemic to the South Island. "Sigaus piliferus" is currently the only representative of the endemic grasshopper genera found in the North Island. There are eight species with this genus. [title] Libertia grandiflora [text] Libertia grandiflora (tukauki or mikoikoi) is a flowering plant in the family Iridaceae. The species is endemic to New Zealand. It is a clump-forming herbaceous perennial growing to 90 cm tall by 60 cm broad, with leathery linear leaves and panicles of white flowers in spring, followed by seed capsules. The Latin "grandiflora" means large flowered. [title] Metrosideros excelsa [text] Metrosideros excelsa, with common names pōhutukawa, New Zealand pohutukawa, New Zealand Christmas tree, New Zealand Christmas bush, and iron tree, is a coastal evergreen tree in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, that produces a brilliant display of red (or occasionally orange, yellow or white) flowers made up of a mass of stamens. The pōhutukawa is one of twelve "Metrosideros" species endemic to New Zealand. Renowned for its vibrant colour and its ability to survive even perched on rocky, precarious cliffs, it has found an important place in New Zealand culture for its strength and beauty and is regarded as a chiefly tree ("rākau rangatira ") by Māori. The blossom of the tree is called "kahika ". [title] Fiordland penguin [text] The Fiordland penguin ("Eudyptes pachyrhynchus"), also known as the Fiordland crested penguin (in Māori, tawaki or "pokotiwha"), is a crested penguin species endemic to New Zealand. It currently breeds along the south-western coasts of New Zealand's South Island as well as on Stewart Island/Rakiura and its outlying islands. Because it originally ranged beyond Fiordland, it is sometimes referred to as the New Zealand crested penguin. [title] Sydney rock oyster [text] The Sydney rock oyster, New Zealand rock oyster, or Auckland oyster ("Saccostrea glomerata"), is an oyster species endemic to Australia and New Zealand. In Australia it is found in bays, inlets and sheltered estuaries from Wingan Inlet in eastern Victoria, along the east coast of New South Wales and up to Hervey Bay, Queensland, around northern Australia and down the west coast to Shark Bay in Western Australia. There is also a small introduced population on Flinders Island, in Bass Strait, Tasmania and in Albany on the south west coast of Western Australia, where they are farmed. In New Zealand, where the species is not farmed, it is known as the New Zealand rock oyster or Auckland oyster. The Sydney rock oyster is closely related to "Saccostrea cucullata", or hooded oyster, which is common on Indo-Pacific rocky shores.

Question
Do both Libertia and Dypsis have seven species endemic to New Zealand?
Answer(s):
no
