Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Ilya Naishuller [text] Ilya Viktorovich Naishuller ("Russian": Илья Викторович Найшуллер; born 1983, Moscow, USSR) is a Russian musician, film director, and screenwriter. He is a member of the Russian indie rock band Biting Elbows. [title] Hardcore Henry [text] Hardcore Henry (Russian: "Хардкор" ; also known simply as Hardcore in some countries) is a 2015 Russian-American science fiction action film written and directed by Ilya Naishuller, and produced by Timur Bekmambetov, Naishuller, Inga Vainshtein Smith and Ekaterina Kononenko. Will Stewart provided additional writing for the film. The film was shot almost entirely from a first-person perspective. [title] Appropriate Behavior [text] Appropriate Behavior is a British comedy film, which premiered on January 18, 2014 at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival. Written and directed by Desiree Akhavan, the film stars Akhavan as Shirin, a bisexual Persian American woman in Brooklyn struggling to rebuild her life after breaking up with her girlfriend Maxine (Rebecca Henderson). [title] The Miseducation of Cameron Post (film) [text] The Miseducation of Cameron Post is an American-British drama film under production, which is directed by Desiree Akhavan, from a screenplay by Akhavan and Cecilia Frugiuele. It is based upon the novel of the same name by Emily M. Danforth. It stars Chloë Grace Moretz, Sasha Lane, John Gallagher, Jr., Forrest Goodluck, Jennifer Ehle and Quinn Shephard. [title] Desiree Akhavan [text] Desiree Akhavan (1984) is an Iranian-American film director, producer, screenwriter and actress based in New York. She is best known for her 2014 feature film debut, "Appropriate Behavior". [title] Ilya Muromets [text] Ilya Muromets (Russian: Илья Муромец , Ukrainian: Ілля Муромець ), or Ilya of Murom, sometimes Ilya Murometz, is a folk hero of Kievan Rus', a "bogatyr" (akin to knight-errant) and a character of many "bylinas" (East Slavic medieval epic poems). In the legends he is often featured alongside fellow bogatyrs Dobrynya Nikitich and Alyosha Popovich. [title] Ilya Muromets Waterfall [text] Ilya Muromets (Илья Муромец), named after the Russian folk hero, is a very steep vertical waterfall on the Bear's Peninsula of Iturup, one of the Kuril Islands. The water stream falls abruptly from the eastern slope of the Demon Volcano into the Pacific Ocean. With a height of 141 meters, it is one of the highest waterfalls in the Russian Far East. Ilya Muromets is rarely seen by tourists, however, because it can be accessed only by boat. [title] Creep 2 [text] Creep 2 is an upcoming American found footage horror film directed by Patrick Brice and written by Brice and Mark Duplass. It stars Mark Duplass, Desiree Akhavan and Karan Soni. It is the sequel to the 2014 film "Creep". Jason Blum is serving as a producer through his Blumhouse Productions banner. [title] Dasha Charusha [text] Daria Borisovna Charusha (née Simonenko; born August 25, 1980), best known by her stage name Dasha Charusha, is a Russian singer, songwriter, pianist and an actress based in the United States. Her notable debut singles 'Kosmos' and '16' published in March and October 2014 have attracted the significant attention of both local and foreign media to notice her unique conceptual classic sounds. She is married to Ilya Naishuller, the frontman of punk-rock band Biting Elbows and the director of the first ever action/sci-fi POV movie "Hardcore Henry", a movie which was inspired by a soundtrack written by Charusha, and in which she appears. [title] Sikorsky Ilya Muromets [text] The Sikorsky "Ilya Muromets" (Russian: Сикорский Илья Муромец ) (Sikorsky S-22, S-23, S-24, S-25, S-26 and S-27) were a class of Russian pre-World War I large four-engine commercial airliners and military heavy bombers used during World War I by the Russian Empire. The aircraft series was named after Ilya Muromets, a hero from Slavic mythology. The series was based on the Russky Vityaz or Le Grand, the world's first four-engined aircraft, designed by Igor Sikorsky. The Ilya Muromets aircraft as it appeared in 1913 was a revolutionary design, intended for commercial service with its spacious fuselage incorporating a passenger saloon and washroom on board. During World War I, it became the first four-engine bomber to equip a dedicated strategic bombing unit. This heavy bomber was unrivaled in the early stages of the war, as the Central Powers had no aircraft capable enough to rival it until much later. The Zeppelin-Staaken R.VI of 1916-17 was the only example of any of the Imperial German "Riesenflugzeug" airframe designs to be produced in any quantity during World War I.

Question
Are Desiree Akhavan and Ilya Naishuller both Russian?
Answer(s):
no
