Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Louie Louie [text] "Louie Louie" is an American rhythm and blues song written by Richard Berry in 1955 and best known for the 1963 hit version by The Kingsmen. It has become a standard in pop and rock, with hundreds of versions recorded by different artists. The song was originally written and performed in the style of a Jamaican ballad. It tells, in simple verse–chorus form, the first-person story of a Jamaican sailor returning to the island to see his lady love. [title] Have Love, Will Travel [text] "Have Love, Will Travel" is a 1959 song written and recorded by Richard Berry. Berry also wrote and originally performed the classic hit "Louie Louie". The title is a based on a popular television/radio western serial "Have Gun, Will Travel". [title] Gold: A 50th Anniversary Celebration [text] Gold: A 50th Anniversary Celebration is a compilation album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released on November 21, 2006, by Columbia Records and takes the first 13 of its 18 tracks from the first four years of his recording career. The collection then jumps ahead 27 years for the remaining five songs, two of which had not been released elsewhere: "So Many Stars" comes from the recording date of an unfinished Sergio Mendes project, and "The Shadow of Your Smile" was later featured on the 2007 Dave Koz album "At the Movies". [title] Louie, Go Home [text] "Louie, Go Home" is a song written by Paul Revere and Mark Lindsay as a sequel to "Louie Louie" by Richard Berry. It was recorded by Paul Revere and the Raiders in 1963 and released in March 1964. [title] The Return of the Son of Monster Magnet [text] "The Return of the Son of Monster Magnet" is a Frank Zappa composition, performed by The Mothers of Invention, released on the Mothers' debut album, "Freak Out! ". It is the longest song on the album, at 12:17, consisting of 2 parts: "Ritual Dance Of The Child-Killer", and "Nullis Pretii (No Commercial Potential)". The composition includes a musical quote from "Louie Louie" (Richard Berry). The Monster Magnet, which almost certainly inspired the song's title, was a toy magnet in the shape of a monster, then being heavily advertised on television. [title] Kitty Wells albums discography [text] The albums discography of Kitty Wells, an American country artist, consists of thirty-six studio albums, eleven compilation albums, and one box set. Wells' first album release was 1956's "Country Hit Parade" on Decca Records, which compiled her hits during her first four years of recording for the label. Prior to its release, many labels were reluctant to release albums by female country artists until Wells became the first female vocalist to sell records. Following its release, Wells and her label issued three studio albums during the 1950s: "Winner of Your Heart" (1957), "Lonely Street" (1958), and "Dust on the Bible" (1959). After the success of Wells' number one single "Heartbreak U.S.A." in 1961, an album of the same name was released the same year. In 1963, her fourth compilation album "The Kitty Wells Story" became her first album to chart among the "Billboard Magazine" Top Country Albums list, peaking at #7. In 1964, her tenth studio album "Especially for You" became her first studio album to chart on the same list, peaking at #19. The latter started a string of albums that would peak on the "Billboard" country chart during the 1960s, including "Burning Memories" (#7; 1965), "Lonesome, Sad, and Blue" (#7; 1965), and "Queen of the Honky Tonk Street" (#5; 1967). [title] 588 rue paradis [text] 588 rue paradis is a 1992 semi-autobiographical film written and directed by French-Armenian filmmaker Henri Verneuil. The film's principal cast includes Richard Berry, Claudia Cardinale and Omar Sharif. It was preceded by "Mayrig", the first autobiographical movie of Henri Verneuil. [title] The First Four Years [text] The First Four Years is a compilation album by the American hardcore punk band Black Flag. It was released in 1983 on SST Records. The compilation consists of all of the group's material released before Henry Rollins became the band's vocalist in 1981. It essentially collects the extended plays "Nervous Breakdown" (1979), "Jealous Again" (1980), "Six Pack" (1981), and the single "Louie Louie", with two tracks from various artists' compilation albums. [title] Freie Berliner Kunstausstellung [text] The Freie Berliner Kunstausstellung (FBK), the “Free Berlin Art Exhibition” in Berlin (Germany), was “unique in its structure”. For 24 years, from 1971 to 1995, it was the only non-juried art exhibition of its size in Europe. It opened after the "Große Berliner Kunstausstellung", the “Grand Berlin Art Exhibition”, a juried art exhibition, had closed its doors. Supported by the Senate of Berlin, an association, called the "Freie Berliner Kunstausstellung" was registered in 1970 with the goal to organize annual exhibitions. Hans-Joachim Zeidler became chairperson of this association for the first four years, followed by Ernst Leonhardt (Artist). During the association's last four years, Karin Rech took over the leadership. [title] Adam Berry [text] Adam Barrett Berry (born December 3, 1966) is a two-time Emmy-winning television and film composer and a Grammy Award-winning producer and member of the new age band White Sun. He is originally from Los Angeles. His credits include "South Park", "The Penguins of Madagascar", "The Sarah Silverman Program", and "Kim Possible." He worked closely with Trey Parker and Matt Stone's in developing the scores for the first four seasons of "South Park", and also played in their punk band, DVDA. As a member of new age band White Sun, Berry garnered a Grammy Award for best New Age album in 2017 for the album "White Sun II".

Question
What song from the album The First Four Years was written by Richard Berry?
Answer(s):
Louie Louie
