Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Homegrown (film) [text] Homegrown is a 1998 American comedy-drama thriller film. It was directed by Stephen Gyllenhaal and starred Billy Bob Thornton, John Lithgow, and Hank Azaria. [title] William DeVizia [text] William DeVizia is an American director, screenwriter, producer, cinematographer, and voice actor. He directed the 1996 film "Almost Famous", the 1997 film "Lesser Prophets", and produced the 1998 TV movie "FashionKingdom". He also was credited in the 2006 video game Bully as the voice over director as well as the voice actor for one of the greaser characters Vance Medici and an Asylum Inmate. He was also the voice over director for the video game Manhunt 2 and a production team member for Rockstar NYC for Grand Theft Auto IV and an additional voice actor. [title] Dom DeLuise [text] Dominick DeLuise (August 1, 1933 – May 4, 2009) was an American actor, voice actor, comedian, director, producer, chef and author. He was the husband of actress Carol Arthur and the father of actor, director, pianist, and writer Peter DeLuise, actor David DeLuise, and actor Michael DeLuise. He starred in a number of movies directed by Mel Brooks, in a series of films with career-long best friend Burt Reynolds, and as a voice actor in various animated films by Don Bluth. [title] Jack Burns [text] John Francis Burns (born November 15, 1933) is an American comedian, actor, voice actor, writer and producer. During the 1960's, he was part of two notable stand-up comedy partnerships, first with George Carlin and later Avery Schreiber. By the 1970s, he had transitioned to working behind the camera, as a writer and producer on such notable comedy series as "The Muppet Show" and "Hee Haw". He also had many notable roles as a voice actor. [title] Todd Haberkorn [text] Todd Michael Haberkorn (born August 16, 1982) is an American actor, voice actor, and ADR voice director. He has provided voices for a number of English-language versions of Japanese anime series, as well as video games and cartoons. While he was working in theater, he joined Funimation as a voice actor, with some minor bits in "Black Cat" and "Peach Girl". He landed the lead roles of Death The Kid in "Soul Eater", Allen Walker in "D.Gray-man", Natsu Dragneel in "Fairy Tail", Ling Yao in "", Kimihiro Watanuki in "xxxHolic", Yamato Akitsuki in "Suzuka", and Tsukune Aono in "Rosario + Vampire". He has worked in Texas and California as an actor, director, producer, and writer. [title] Alan Young [text] Alan Young (born Angus Young; November 19, 1919 – May 19, 2016) was a British-born Canadian-American actor, voice actor, comedian and radio and television host/personality who "TV Guide" called "The Charlie Chaplin of Television". He was best known for his role as naive Wilbur Post in the television comedy series "Mister Ed" (1961–1966). Young was also the voice of Disney's Scrooge McDuck for over thirty years, first in the Academy Award-nominated short film "Mickey's Christmas Carol" (1983) and in various other films, TV series and video games until his death. During the 1940s and 1950s, he starred in his own variety/comedy sketch shows "The Alan Young Show" on radio and television, the latter gaining him two Emmy Awards in 1951. He also appeared in a number of feature films, starting from 1946, including the 1960 film "The Time Machine" and from the 1980s gaining a new generation of viewers appearing in numerous Walt Disney Productions films as both an actor and voice actor. [title] Mick Wingert [text] Mick Wingert (born July 4, 1974) is an American voice actor, comedian and voice-over coach. He is known for his voice over work in video games, movies and TV shows, as well as the new voice of Master Po and Zeng in "", taking over the roles from actors Jack Black and Dan Fogler. Wingert has been praised by fans of the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise for his Po voice impression sounding exactly like Jack Black's voice. He also does additional voice over work in "Kung Fu Panda", "Mass Effect 2", "", "The Technomancer" and "The Princess and the Frog". He is not related to fellow voice actor Wally Wingert. [title] Mike Henry (voice actor) [text] Michael Henry (born March 25, 1964) is an American actor, voice actor, writer, producer, comedian, and singer, best known for his work on "Family Guy", where he is a writer, producer, and voice actor. He provides the voices for many characters including Cleveland Brown, Herbert, Bruce, and Consuela. Starting with the series' 5th season, Henry had received billing as a main cast member. In 2009, Henry, Richard Appel, and Seth MacFarlane created a spin-off of "Family Guy" called "The Cleveland Show", to focus on Cleveland and his new family, which aired on FOX until the show's final new episode (due to cancellation) on May 19th, 2013. Reruns of the show later aired on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim. [title] Hank Azaria [text] Henry Albert "Hank" Azaria ( ; born April 25, 1964) is an American actor, voice actor, comedian and producer. He is known for starring in the animated television sitcom "The Simpsons" (1989–present), voicing Moe Szyslak, Apu Nahasapeemapetilon, Chief Wiggum, Comic Book Guy, Carl Carlson and numerous others. After attending Tufts University, Azaria joined the series with little voice acting experience, but became a part of the crew in its second season, with many of his performances on the show being based on famous actors and characters. [title] John Kassir [text] John Kassir (born October 24, 1957) is an American actor, voice actor and comedian. He is known as the voice of the Crypt Keeper in HBO's "Tales from the Crypt" franchise. Kassir is also known for his role as Ralph in the Off-Broadway show "Reefer Madness", as well as its film adaptation, as well as his voice over work as Buster Bunny (taking over for Charlie Adler late in the final season of "Tiny Toon Adventures"), Ray "Raymundo" Rocket on "Rocket Power", the mischievous raccoon Meeko in "Pocahontas" and its direct-to-video sequel, Jibolba in the "Tak and the Power of Juju" video game series, and the current voices of Pete Puma in "The Looney Tunes Show", and Deadpool in "" and the "" series. He has also recently done the voice of Rizzo for the newest Spyro game, , and voiced Ghost Roaster in "", as well as Short Cut in "" and Pit Boss in "". He is also known for his various roles in season 1 of "The Amanda Show". He voiced the Ice King in the Adventure Time (pilot) but was replaced by Tom Kenny for the series. He also provided additional voice over work for "Sonic the Hedgehog", "Eek! The Cat", "The Brothers Flub", "Dead Rising", "Casper's Scare School", "Spider-Man 3", "", "Diablo III", "Monsters University", "The Prophet", "" and "The Secret Life of Pets".

Question
In what year did the American actor, voice actor, comedian and producer produce the thriller film Homegrown
Answer(s):
1998
