Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Harald Kloser [text] Harald Kloser (born July 9, 1956) is an Austrian film composer, producer and screenwriter. Since his critical and commercial breakthrough in 2005, in which he won the BMI Film Music Award for both of his scores for "Alien vs. Predator" and "The Day After Tomorrow," he has become a regular collaborator of the latter's director, Roland Emmerich, having composed music for every one of the director's films since 2004, excluding "Stonewall" (2015). Out of those films, all but "Anonymous" (2011) have been collaborations with fellow composer Thomas Wander. [title] Political thriller [text] A political thriller is a thriller that is set against the backdrop of a political power struggle. They usually involve various extra-legal plots, designed to give political power to someone, while his opponents try to stop him. They can involve national or international political scenarios. Political corruption, terrorism, and warfare are common themes. Political thrillers can be based on true facts such as the assassination of John F. Kennedy or the Watergate Scandal. There is a strong [title] Chambaili [text] Chambaili(Urdu: ‎ ) is a 2013 Pakistani Urdu-language political thriller film directed by Ismail Jilani, produced by Abdullah Kadwani and Shahzad Nawaz for Coup d'état Films and 7th Sky Films. It stars Salmaan Peerzada, Khalid Ahmed, Mohammed Ehteshamuddin, Maira Khan, Shafqat Cheema, Sadia Hayat, Saiqa, Ali Tahir, Khalid Qureshi, Fatima, Humayun Bin Rathor and Shahzad Nawaz. Ghulam Mohiuddin also made a special appearance. "Chambaili" is a political drama exploring the subject of political corruption. Since the flower 'Chambaili' (lily flower) is the national flower of Pakistan, the film-makers' intentions were to encourage patriotism and nationalism in Pakistan and they obviously picked this name for a reason. [title] Alien vs. Predator (soundtrack) [text] Alien vs. Predator is the official soundtrack album of the 2004 science fiction film "Alien vs. Predator". Composed by Austrian Harald Kloser, Kloser was chosen by the film's director Paul W. S. Anderson as he was an enthusiastic fan of the series. The score is completely orchestral and was released on August 31, 2004 on Audio CD and Compact Cassette via Varèse Sarabande label. [title] Thomas Wander [text] Thomas Wander, also credited as Thomas Wanker, is an Austrian-born composer for film and television. He was born on 19 April 1973 in Graz in Austria. In 1992, he moved to Los Angeles to study film composition at the University of Southern California. He has won the BMI Film Music Award in 2008 for his score in "10,000 BC", in 2010 for his score in the film "2012", and in 2014 for the score to "White House Down". Wander frequently collaborates with fellow composer Harald Kloser on many of his projects, and is best known for his work on the films of director Roland Emmerich. [title] Collector (2011 film) [text] Collector is a 2011 Malayalam political action thriller directed by Anil C. Menon with Suresh Gopi in the lead. The film has Suresh Gopi playing the title role. The film is a socio political thriller that takes a look at the contemporary social scene in the state. The film got mixed to Positive responses from critics and was declared as hit at the box office. Tamil actor Rajeev played the villain. [title] Dharti (2011 film) [text] Dharti is a 2011 First Punjabi political suspense thriller film directed by Navaniat Singh with story, screenplay and dialogues by Manoj Jha. "Dharti" was produced by Darshan Singh Grewal, J.S. Kataria and Jimmy Shergill, and stars Jimmy Shergill, Surveen Chawla, Rannvijay Singh, Japji Khera, Prem Chopra, Rahul Dev, Binnu Dhillon and Shavinder Mahal. It was released on 21 April in Australia and on 22 April 2011 globally. The film was actually to be made in Hindi but on much insistence of Jimmy himself,the producers and the directors agreed to make it in Punjabi. Moreover, 'Rajneeti' a similar political thriller was released few months ago so it did make sense to make the film in Punjabi. The film established Navaniat Singh as one of the most talented and enthusiastic directors. [title] Vera Farmiga on screen and stage [text] Vera Farmiga is an American actress, director, and producer. She began her career on stage as an understudy in Ronald Harwood's play "Taking Sides" (1996) on Broadway. The following year, she starred in the Off-Broadway play "Second-Hand Smoke" (1997) by Mac Wellman. Farmiga made her film debut in Joseph Ruben's drama-thriller "Return to Paradise" (1998). She had supporting roles in Joan Chen's romantic drama "Autumn in New York" (2000), the crime drama "The Opportunists" (2000), and John Herzfeld's action thriller "15 Minutes" (2001). Farmiga's breakthrough role came in 2004, when she was cast in Debra Granik's drama "Down to the Bone". For her performance, she won the Sundance Film Festival Special Jury Prize for Acting and was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Lead. She then starred in Jonathan Demme's political thriller "The Manchurian Candidate" (2004), and Wayne Kramer's crime thriller "Running Scared" (2006). [title] Genghis Khan (song) [text] "Genghis Khan" is a single by hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks. The original press, distributed through JMT's Superegular Recordings, was released as a promo in early 2000. The group's second and former label, Babygrande Records, re-released the single in 2003 with wider distribution. The track is named after 13th century Mongol leader Genghis Khan. The song contains a sample from "Downloading", a symphonic composition by Harald Kloser, taken from the film "The Thirteenth Floor". [title] Anonymous (film) [text] Anonymous is a 2011 political thriller film directed by Roland Emmerich and written by John Orloff. The film is a version of the life of Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, an Elizabethan courtier, playwright, poet and patron of the arts, and suggests he was the actual author of William Shakespeare's plays. It stars Rhys Ifans as de Vere and Vanessa Redgrave as Queen Elizabeth I of England.

Question
which one of Harald Kloser films is a political thriller?
Answer(s):
Anonymous
