Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] CityCentre [text] CityCentre is an upscale mixed-use development in Houston, Texas. It was originally known as Town & Country Mall, competing with the then upscale West Oaks Mall and neighboring Memorial City Mall. It was supposed to supersede the older Memorial City Mall but never did due to its location. [title] Memorial City Mall [text] Memorial City Mall is a large shopping mall in Memorial City, Houston, Texas, United States, at the intersection of Interstate 10/U.S. Route 90 and Gessner Road, adjacent to the large Memorial Hermann medical complex. Constructed in the early 1960s, the mall has since grown to be one of the city's more popular malls, mostly due to a large renovation project that took place in the early 2000s. [title] Maryland Route 75 [text] Maryland Route 75 (MD 75) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Maryland. Known for most of its length as Green Valley Road, the state highway runs 28.40 mi from MD 355 near Hyattstown north to MD 31 in New Windsor. MD 75 serves as the main north–south highway of eastern Frederick County, where it connects Hyattstown with New Market, Libertytown, Johnsville, and the Carroll County town of Union Bridge. The first sections of MD 75 were constructed around New Windsor and between Green Valley and New London in the early 1910s. The latter highway was extended south to Green Valley in the late 1910s. In the early 1920s, MD 75 was constructed between New Windsor and Union Bridge and from Libertytown to Johnsville. The remainder of the state highway was constructed in the late 1920s and early 1930s. MD 75 was relocated between Union Bridge and New Windsor in the early 1960s, around its interchange with Interstate 70 (I-70) and U.S. Route 40 (US 40) in New Market in the early 1970s, and at its northern terminus in New Windsor in 2007. [title] Penn Plaza East [text] The Penn Plaza East complex takes its name for its location near Penn Station in Newark, New Jersey. Fronting Raymond Boulevard on the banks of the Passaic River, the two office buildings were constructed during a period in the late 1980s and early 1990s when they and numerous postmodern skyscrapers were built near the station and Gateway Center. While others went up between the station and traditional Downtown Newark, Penn Plaza East is on the Ironbound, or east, side of the major transportation hub. As of 2010, the buildings were occupied by the Newark headquarters of New Jersey Transit, JOC Group, and Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey, which owns their building. [title] Taco Bus [text] Taco Bus restaurants serve Mexican food in the Tampa, Florida area. The restaurants began as a popular food truck on Hillsborough Avenue. A second location followed on Central Avenue in St. Petersburg, Florida and a restaurant was added on Franklin Street in downtown Tampa. Taco Bus opened their fourth location near USF on Fletcher Avenue. Rene Valenzuela is chef and owner of the business. A location in Brandon at 311 South Falkengburg is scheduled to open in spring 2013. The USF location was reported to be open 24 hours. [title] Ain-Djoukar [text] Ain-Djoukar also known as Jougan is a locality in Tunisia, located at 36° 14' 50" N, 9° 56' 24" E. It is 371 meters above sea level and at the head waters of the Oued Miliane wadi. The springs at this location near the Djebel Bargou mountains was recognised by the Romans as an important water source and an Roman aqueduct was constructed to Carthage. [title] Jittery Joe's [text] Jittery Joe's is a chain of coffeehouses based in Athens, Georgia. In 1994, the first Jittery Joe’s opened in downtown Athens, near the famed 40 Watt Club. Open 24 hours a day, they offered fresh coffee roasted in-store. There are now five locations in Athens, two in Watkinsville, Georgia, and one each in the Georgia cities of Cartersville, Alpharetta, and Buford. There is also a location near the Clemson University campus in Clemson, South Carolina and one in Mercer village across from Mercer University in Macon, Georgia. A shop was opened in the University Commons housing complex at Georgia State University, although it only stayed open for a few months before closing. Its most recently opened shops were opened in a corner of the LifeSprings Resources bookstore on the campus of Emmanuel College in Franklin Springs, Georgia and in early 2016, downtown Columbia, SC near the University of South Carolina, which also features beer and spirits. There was also a short-lived location in downtown Milledgeville, Georgia, located near Georgia College and State University. [title] Coalhouse Fort [text] Coalhouse Fort is an artillery fort built in the 1860s to guard the lower Thames from seaborne attack. It stands at Coalhouse Point in Essex on the north bank of the river, at a location near East Tilbury that was vulnerable to raiders and invaders. It was the last in a series of fortifications dating back to the 15th century and was the direct successor to a smaller mid-19th century fort built on the same site. Constructed during a period of tension with France, its location on marshy ground caused problems from the start and led to a lengthy construction process. The fort was equipped with a variety of large-calibre artillery guns and the most modern defensive facilities at the time, including shell-proof casemates protected by granite facing and cast-iron shields. However, its lengthy construction and the rapid pace of artillery development at the time meant that it was virtually obsolete for its original purpose within a few years of its completion. [title] Fort Winnebago [text] Fort Winnebago was a 19th-century fortification of the United States Army located on a hill overlooking the eastern end of the portage between the Fox and Wisconsin Rivers east of present-day Portage, Wisconsin. It was the middle one of three fortifications along the Fox-Wisconsin Waterway that also included Fort Howard in Green Bay, Wisconsin and Fort Crawford in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin. Fort Winnebago was constructed in 1828 as part of an effort to maintain peace between white settlers and the region's Native American tribes following the Winnebago War of 1827. The fort's location was chosen not only because of its proximity to the site of Red Bird's surrender in the Winnebago War, but also because of the strategic importance of the portage on the Fox-Wisconsin Waterway, a heavily traveled connection between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River. Fort Winnebago's location near the portage allowed it to regulate transportation between the lakes and the Mississippi. [title] San Pedro railway station [text] San Pedro station is a railway station on the South Main Line (Southrail) of the Philippine National Railways. Like all PNR stations, the station is at grade. It is located in San Pedro, Laguna, within the city proper. Currently, there are 2 stations. The old one, now used as a PNR quarters, used to be the station where passengers can ride trains going to the Bicol region, to the former terminus of the Metro Manila Commuter in Biñan and Calamba stations, and to the branch line towards Carmona station. It used to have 3 tracks, one is the main line south, the middle is the sidetrack, while tracks nearest to the platform was the Carmona Line. From 2012-2013 the tracks of the now abandoned Carmona Branch Line have been dismantled together with San Pedro station's side tracks. A new station was constructed in a nearby location near San Vicente road and was opened in December 2013. There are currently 6 trips in San Pedro station, 2 northbound trips to Tutuban station and 1 trip southbound going to Sta. Rosa station, 1 trip southbound going to Sta. Rosa in the afternoon, and 1 trip northbound going to Tutuban station and 1 last trip for the day going to Sta. Rosa in early evening.

Question
What neighboring location near CityCentre was constructed in the early 1960s?
Answer(s):
Memorial City Mall
