Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Harbour Town [text] Harbour Town is a shopping centre concept that incorporates multiple factory outlets in one centre. The centres especially popular with locals and tourists. As of March 2015, there were two locations owned and operated as Harbour Towns: Biggera Waters, on Queensland's Gold Coast, and at Adelaide Airport, in South Australia. A centre in Docklands, Victoria was sold in March 2014, but retains the name Harbour Town. [title] Adelaide Airport, South Australia [text] Adelaide Airport is a suburb in the City of West Torrens west of the Adelaide City Centre. The suburb was proclaimed in 1991. Almost the entire area of the suburb is taken up by the Adelaide Airport and associated businesses. There is also Harbour Town shopping centre on the western side of the suburb. [title] Adelaide Airport [text] Adelaide Airport (IATA: ADL, ICAO: YPAD) is the principal airport of Adelaide, South Australia and the fifth busiest airport in Australia, servicing just over eight million passengers in the financial year ending 30 June 2017. Located adjacent to West Beach, it is approximately 6 km west of the city-centre. It has been operated privately by Adelaide Airport Limited under a long-term lease from the Commonwealth Government since 29 May 1998. [title] The Village Shopping Center [text] The Village Shopping Center is an enclosed shopping mall in Gary, Indiana. Built in 1955, it includes vacant anchors last occupied by Marshalls and US Factory Outlets. [title] Bay Plaza Shopping Center [text] Bay Plaza Shopping Center is a shopping center on the south side of Co-op City, in the Bronx, New York. In addition to various department stores and shops, such as Macy's, JCPenney, Staples, Kmart and Old Navy, it has a multiplex movie theater, several restaurants, a fitness club, and some office space. It used to operate a Barnes and Nobles bookstore across the mall but was shut down. Constructed from 1987 to 1988 by Prestige Properties, the shopping center is located between Bartow and Baychester Avenues, just outside Sections 4 and 5 of Co-op City, on an open lot that from 1960 to 1964, was the site of Freedomland USA. The Bay Plaza Shopping Center is the largest shopping center in New York City. Since opening over 25 years ago, it has become extremely successful, the center claims to hold some of the highest performing stores on a per-square-foot basis for many national retailers. [title] Asia One Center [text] The Asia One Center (アジアワンセンター) is a 131m tall skyscraper located at Center of Rokkō Island, Kobe City, Japan. The 31-storey building was previously named Procter and Gamble Technical Center and was the Asia headquarters of Procter and Gamble Group. Asia One Center is one of top 10 skyscrapper and landmark building of Kobe City. [title] The Oaks (Thousand Oaks, California) [text] The Oaks Shopping Center is a two-level indoor/outdoor, super-regional shopping mall located in Thousand Oaks, California. It is owned and managed by Macerich. Accessible from the US Highway 101 Ventura Freeway midway between downtown Los Angeles and Santa Barbara, it is one of two malls in its area (competing with the Simi Valley Town Center) and the largest shopping center in Ventura County. The 1300000 sqft mall was originally built in 1978 and was renovated in 1993. Starting in February 2007, the center has undergone an extensive upgrade including interior finishes, restrooms, entrance canopies and skylights to reflect a modern Spanish and Santa Barbara-influenced design. The expansion includes a demolition of the then-vacated Broadway building and a Muvico 14-screen stadium seat theater and Bogarts, a full-service restaurant, built in its place. Additional features include a 10-unit Spanish Dining Hall and amenities like family restrooms with granite, stacked flagstone and limestone tile. Centered on the theatre are four sit-down restaurants: Lazy Dog Cafe and Red Robin, which are both connected to a 112330 sqft retail expansion in an outdoor environment, while Olive Garden and Red Lobster are located across the parking lot. The Cheesecake Factory is located inside the Shopping Center with patio dining available. [title] Abercorn Common [text] Abercorn Common is a 180000 sqft shopping center in Savannah, Georgia. The center was the first retail center in the U.S. to become LEED-certified, meaning its design incorporates efficiency with attractive buildings and public spaces. The buildings and public spaces resemble Savannah's downtown historic district, with awnings, brick facades, fountains and brick-paved sidewalks. Palm trees, pampas grasses and willow trees are among the natural features. The shopping center dates back to the 1960s, when Abercorn Street was extended to form Abercorn Expressway. At the time, it was one of the first establishments on Savannah's southside, and now it forms the primary shopping corridor of Savannah. Located within several hundred feet are other major shopping centers, including: Oglethorpe Mall, Oglethorpe Plaza anchored by Best Buy and Kohl's, and Chatham Plaza anchored by World Market and Ross Dress For Less. [title] Del Monte Center [text] Del Monte Center is an open-air shopping center located in Monterey, California. Del Monte Center is the largest shopping center on the Monterey Peninsula and the second largest shopping mall in Monterey County, California, and has the only department store in a 22-mile radius. Del Monte Center was designed by architect John Carl Wernecke, built by Williams and Burrows Construction Company and originally opened in 1967 but expanded and renovated in 1987. The shopping center encompasses 675000 sqft of retail space including 85 stores, one department store (Macy's), Whole Foods Market, restaurants (California Pizza Kitchen, P.F. Chang's China Bistro, Pizza My Heart, Islands Fine Burgers & Drinks, Subway, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Starbucks and Lalla Grill), a gym and spa (Energia) and a thirteen screen Century Theatres. Petco was added in 2004, replacing Stroud's. The existing theater complex moved in 2006, with the former complex becoming a furniture store for Macy's. [title] Fashion Outlets of Niagara Falls [text] Fashion Outlets of Niagara Falls, (formerly Niagara Factory Outlet Mall, Niagara Factory Outlets, Prime Outlets of Niagara Falls, and Niagara Falls Mall), is an outlet mall serving Niagara Falls, New York, surrounded by many big-box centers and numerous chain restaurants including Longhorn Steakhouse, Five Guys Burgers and Fries, Applebees, Firehouse Subs, Chipotle Mexican Grill, and the big-box plaza Lasalle Center.

Question
The shopping center that incorporates multiple factory outlets in one center is located on which side of the Adelaide Airport?
Answer(s):
west
