Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Aspidistra (disambiguation) [text] Aspidistra is a plant genus (from the Greek "aspidion", a small round shield). [title] Brachyglottis greyi [text] Brachyglottis greyi, also called Senecio greyi, with the common name daisy bush [title] Aspidistra nikolaii [text] Aspidistra nikolaii is a plant species of the genus "Aspidistra" that was one of the new 21 species of plants and animals recently discovered in the Annamite Range of central Vietnam. It was named after a late Russian botanist named Nicolai Arnautov. It has a dark blue flower that is almost black. [title] Aspidistra [text] Aspidistra is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Nolinoideae, native to eastern and southeastern Asia, particularly China and Vietnam. They grow in shade under trees and shrubs. Their leaves arise more or less directly from ground level, where their flowers also appear. The number of species known has increased considerably from the 1980s onwards, with around 100 accepted as of July 2013 . " Aspidistra elatior" is common worldwide as a foliage house plant that is very tolerant of neglect. It and other species can also be grown in shade outside, where they are generally hardy to -5 C . [title] Centaurea [text] Centaurea ( ) is a genus of between 350 and 600 species of herbaceous thistle-like flowering plants in the family Asteraceae. Members of the genus are found only north of the equator, mostly in the Eastern Hemisphere; the Middle East and surrounding regions are particularly species-rich. Common names for this genus are centaury, centory, starthistles, knapweeds, centaureas and the more ambiguous "bluets"; a vernacular name used for these plants in parts of England is "loggerheads" (common knapweed). The "Plectocephalus" group – possibly a distinct genus – is known as basketflowers. "Cornflowers" is used for a few species, but that term more often specifically means "C. cyanus" (sometimes also called "basket flower"). The common name "centaury" is sometimes used, although this also refers to the unrelated plant genus "Centaurium". [title] Cortinarius [text] Cortinarius is a genus of mushrooms. It is suspected to be the largest genus of agarics, containing over 2000 different species and found worldwide. A common feature among all species in the genus "Cortinarius" is that young specimens have a cortina (veil) between the cap and the stem, hence the name, meaning "curtained". Most of the fibers of the cortina are ephemeral and will leave no trace once gone, except for limited remnants on the stem in some species. All have a rusty brown spore print. The common names cortinar and webcap refer to members of the genus. Due to dangerous toxicity of several species (such as "Cortinarius orellanus") and the fact that it's difficult to distinguish between various species of the genus, non-expert consumption of mushrooms from the genus is discouraged. [title] Brachyglottis [text] Brachyglottis is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae. The genus was erected on November 29, 1775, by Johann Reinhold Forster and Georg Forster. The name was derived from the Greek "brachus" ("short") [title] Oxalis acetosella [text] Oxalis acetosella (wood sorrel or common wood sorrel) is a rhizomatous flowering plant in the family "Oxalidaceae", common in most of Europe and parts of Asia. The specific name is acetosella, refers to its sour taste. The common name wood sorrel is often used for other plants in the genus "Oxalis". In much of its range it is the only member of its genus and hence simply known as "the" wood sorrel. While common wood sorrel may be used to differentiate it from most other species of "Oxalis", in North America, "Oxalis montana" is also called common wood sorrel. It is also known as "Alleluia" because it blossoms between Easter and Pentecost, when the Psalms which end with Hallelujah are sung. [title] Brachyglottis stewartiae [text] Brachyglottis stewartiae is a species of flowering plant, often referred to as a tree daisy, in the Asteraceae family. It is found only in New Zealand, especially on its subantarctic islands. With another tree daisy, "Olearia lyallii", it is common in the forest of the Snares Islands, growing to about 6 m in height. It bears conspicuous clusters of yellow daisy-like flowers. [title] Brachyglottis monroi [text] Brachyglottis monroi (Monro's ragwort; syn. "Senecio monroi") is a species of plant in the family Asteraceae, formerly classified in the genus "Senecio". Native to New Zealand and Tasmania, it is a small, hardy, evergreen shrub growing to 1 m with crinkly-edged, olive green, leathery leaves and yellow daisy-like flowers in terminal corymbs in summer.

Question
Aspidistra and Brachyglottis, have which genus in common?
Answer(s):
flowering plants
