Paragraph:

[aug] yes no [title] Ouk-Khmer (Hill's version) [text] Ouk-Khmer (also known as Cambodian Chess) is a chess variant which D. B. Pritchard claimed was played in Cambodia although its actual origins appear to be unknown. Pritchard gives the source as P. A. Hill. It combines elements of makruk and xiangqi. Similar to xiangqi, it is played on the intersections of an 8×8 monotone board (Instead of 8x9). Contrary to Pritchard's claim, the actual variety of chess played in Cambodia today, known as "Ok" or "Ouk Chatrang" is nearly identical to Makruk. The authenticity of the game described by Pritchard remains doubtful. [title] Multiverse (DC Comics) [text] The Multiverse, within DC Comics publications, is a "cosmic construct" collecting many of the fictional universes in which the published stories take place. The worlds in this multiverse share a space and fate in common, and its structure has changed several times in the history of DC Comics. [title] Anspessade [text] An anspessade, or lanspessade, is a kind of French police officer that has been used in the foot soldiers, below the corporals, and yet above the common sentinels, between the 16th and 17th centuries. [title] Beyonder [text] The Beyonder is a fictional cosmic entity appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Created by writer Jim Shooter and artist Mike Zeck, the Beyonder first appeared in "Secret Wars" #1 (May 1984) as an unseen, nearly omnipotent being who kidnapped the heroes and villains of the Marvel Universe and had them do battle on another planet called Battleworld. He later appeared in a more antagonistic role in the 1985 sequel "Secret Wars II", in which he took human form, and threatened to destroy the Marvel multiverse. Although he first took on a physical, humanoid form in "Secret Wars II" #2, it was in "Secret Wars II" #3 that he took on the permanent form in which he remained for the rest of his existence, that of a Caucasian human male with curly black hair. Although the character met his demise at the end of "Secret Wars II", he has subsequently appeared in stories well into the 2000s, although in greatly diminished form. [title] Hartford Colonials [text] The Hartford Colonials, originally the New York Sentinels, were a professional American football team that played in the United Football League in its 2009 and 2010 seasons. A charter member of the UFL, the Sentinels began play in 2009 nominally representing New York City but playing its home games in three stadiums, none of which were in the city proper: Rentschler Field in East Hartford, Connecticut; Shuart Stadium in Hempstead, New York (on Long Island); and the now-demolished Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey. (The Sentinels had scheduled a game for Citi Field in Queens but relocated that game to Long Island.) As the Colonials, the team played all of its home games at Rentschler Field in East Hartford, representing the adjacent city of Hartford. League-wide financial problems and the high rate of rent at "The Rent" led to the league suspending the Colonials' operations in August 2011, a month before it would have begun play in its third season. The league had stated that the Colonials could be brought back for the 2012 UFL season, if it were to be played, but the announcement of the 2012 season removed Hartford's logo (which had remained on the site in 2011, with indication it had been suspended) from the UFL Web site and did not include the team in the league's 2012 schedule. [title] Straja Țării [text] Straja Țării (Romanian - roughly, "The Sentinel of the Motherland"; also known as Străjeria - translatable as "The Sentinel") was a youth organization in the Kingdom of Romania, created in 1935 by King Carol II to counter the growing influence the Iron Guard had over the youth of Romania. Its members were known as "străjeri" ("sentinels"), and used a form of the Roman salute as greeting. [title] Law and the Multiverse [text] Law and the Multiverse is a law blog created by attorneys James Daily and Ryan Davidson. The blog takes a tongue-in-cheek look at the world of comic books and analyses the real-world legal implications of the events portrayed therein. The blog focuses primarily on common tropes from the DC and Marvel universes, but occasionally looks at more specific topics, such as the Keene Act from the "Watchmen" series. [title] Sentinels of the Multiverse: The Video Game [text] Sentinels of the Multiverse: The Video Game is a 2014 video game developed and published by Handelabra Games. It is an adaptation of the board game of the same name. The game was released for iOS and Android on October 15, 2014 and for Steam on December 22, 2014. [title] Mushroom stones [text] Mushroom stones, or wave stones, are limestone boulders undercut by water. These take the form of solitary sentinels of limestone which still bear the unmistakable marks of long-continued erosion by lapping waves at the edge of lakes which have since vanished or retreated. These stones are sometimes shaped like mushrooms, others have an overhang facing in just one direction, but all are notched and undercut in such a fashion as to suggest prolonged exposure to standing water at some time in the past. The mushroom-shaped stones are produced where the notching forms a fairly even circle around the stone. [title] Sentinels of the Multiverse [text] Sentinels of the Multiverse is a designer card game published by Greater Than Games and released at Gen Con 2011. It is a cooperative game in which players control a team of comic book-style heroes battling a villain. Each player controls one or more heroes, while a villain and environment deck each run themselves. A given game includes 3 to 5 heroes, 1 villain and 1 environment, which can be mixed and matched to create a number of different scenarios. The core game comes with 10 heroes, 4 villains, and 4 environments.

Question
What form of play does Ouk-Khmer and Sentinels of the Multiverse have in common?
Answer(s):
game
